Partition the Subject Contacts Database
IMPORTANT Partitioning the subject contacts database requires that PostgreSQL databases 
are based on PostgreSQL 12. Oracle databases must be based on Oracle 12c Release 2 or 
higher. 
Partitioning and Trimming the Database
The number of records stored in the subject contacts database can grow at a fast pace. However, as 
time passes, older records typically become less relevant. In order to avoid storing large amounts of 
stale data, consider periodically trimming the database. How often you trim your database depends 
on how fast the database grows and how quickly the data becomes stale.
It is easier to remove older, less relevant data if the database is partitioned. With a partitioned 
database, you can drop the partitions that contain the older data instead of searching for and deleting 
older records.
IMPORTANT If you are using PostgreSQL and you partition the subject contacts database, 
you must specify the jvm.java_option_hibernate_extra_table property for the Subject Contact 
service. For more information, see “Subject Contact Service Properties” on page 18.
The amount of disk space used by the subject contacts database can grow rapidly. Closely 
monitor the disk space that is used by the database. It is recommended that you partition the 
subject contacts database and periodically drop older partitions. If the number of partitions is 
very high, you might experience degraded performance, and calls to the subject contacts 
database might time out.
SAS provides scripts that generate SQL statements that partition the subject contacts database. 
There is one script for PostgreSQL databases and one script for Oracle databases. You can use the 
scripts to generate the SQL statements, and then use a database client application to execute the 
generated SQL. For more information, see “About the Partitioning Scripts” on page 30.
Note: You must be familiar with how partitioning works for your database. Refer to the documentation 
for your version of PostgreSQL at https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-partitioning.html  or for 
your version of Oracle at https://www.oracle.com/database/technologies/partitioning.html .
About the Partitioning Scripts
The partitionScripts ZIP file contains two scripts: generatePostgreSQLPartitions.sh and 
generateOracleSQLPartitions.sh. This ZIP file is available at https://support.sas.com/downloads/
browse.htm?fil=&cat=612 . You can download the ZIP file and extract the contents to your local 
machine. These scripts generate sample SQL statements to partition your subject contacts database 
based on datetime ranges.30