n“Transfer Business Rules Content from SAS 9.4 to SAS Viya”
n“Transfer Treatments from SAS 9.4 to SAS Viya”
n“Transfer Content from SAS Viya 3.5 Environments”
n“Transfer Content between SAS Viya 4 Environments”
n“Transfer Content That Was Published to a CAS Destination”
Transfer Business Rules Content from SAS 9.4 to 
SAS Viya
Note: The transfer process does not support transferring content to SAS Viya from SAS Business 
Rules Manager 2.2, or earlier or from SAS Decision Manager 2.2.
To transfer content from SAS Business Rules Manager on SAS 9.4 or SAS Decision Manager on 
SAS 9.4 to SAS Intelligent Decisioning on SAS Viya, use the dcmtransfer plug-in to the sas-viya 
command-line interface.To transfer content from SAS Business Rules Manager on SAS 9.4 or SAS 
Decision Manager on SAS 9.4 to SAS Intelligent Decisioning on SAS Viya, use the dcmtransfer plug-
in to the sas-admin command-line interface. For more information, see the following topics:
n“About the SAS Intelligent Decisioning CLIs” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Command-Line 
Interfaces
n“Command-Line Interface: Preliminary Instructions” in SAS Viya Platform: Using the Command-
Line Interface
n“dcmtransfer Plug-In” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Command-Line Interfaces
IMPORTANT SAS Intelligent Decisioning on SAS Viya does not support rule flows. Simple 
rule flows are transferred as decisions. You cannot transfer complex rule flows (rule flows that 
use BY-group processing) from SAS 9.4 to SAS Viya. You must recreate these rule flows as 
rule sets in the target environment.
Note: For rule expressions that use macros, the macros are transferred, but you must replace the 
macros in the rule sets after the rule sets are imported to SAS Viya.
IMPORTANT In order to use a lookup table that has been transferred to a new environment, 
you must do one of the following:
nactivate the table in the new environment. For instructions for activating a lookup table by 
using the user interface, see “Activating a Lookup Table” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: 
User’s Guide .
ntransfer the formats data on SAS Cloud Analytic Services (CAS) and the SAS Micro 
Analytic Service module for the SAS Micro Analytic Service destination. The module name 
is shown on the Properties  tab for the lookup table. 42