Permissions TypeWhen to UseThe ability to store tests outside of folders is supported for legacy 
purposes only. If you choose not to store test definitions and test results 
in a folder, then you must use rules-based permissions to control access 
to these files.
For more information, see “Rules-Based Permissions” on page 53.
Best Practices for Setting Permissions
To the extent possible, base your permission settings on the folders in which objects are stored. Use 
folders to organize objects according to which group of users need access to the objects. Customize 
the permission settings for your folders based on user groups, not on individual users.
If your site needs separate folders that are enabled for the check-out and commit feature, it is 
recommended that you create these folders in the /Decision Repository
 folder. Subfolders in the 
repository inherit the default settings for the /Decision Repository
 folder.
TIP Rules for which the setting is Prohibit  take precedence over all other rules for that URI. 
For example, if the same user belongs to a prohibited group and to an authorized group, the 
prohibited assignment takes precedence over the authorized assignment.
When you enter a rule that specifies Prohibit , make the URI for that rule as specific as 
possible.
Folder-Based Permissions
Setting Folder-Based Permissions
You must set permissions in SAS Environment Manager for any folder that is created as a new top-
level folder under SAS Content
. For default folders such as the My Folder
 folder or the Decision Repository
 folder, you must modify the permissions of folders that you create within these two 
folders if you do not want them to inherit the permissions of the parent folder.
1Click , and select Manage Environment  to switch to SAS Environment Manager.
2Click  to navigate to the Content  page.
3Navigate to the folder for which you want to set permissions.
4Right-click the folder name, and select Edit authorization . The Edit Authorization  window 
appears.
5For any permission setting that you want to change, click the effective access icon in the column 
for that permission, and change the setting in the pop-up window. For more information about 51