Transfer Content between SAS Viya 4 
Environments
To transfer SAS Intelligent Decisioning  content between Viya 4 environments, use SAS Environment 
Manager or the transfer plug-in to the sas-viya CLI. When you export an object in SAS Environment 
Manager, you can select the Include dependencies  check box to include dependent objects in the 
transfer package that SAS Environment Manager creates. When you use the sas-viya CLI to export 
an object, you can specify the --include-dependencies
 option to include dependent objects in the 
transfer package.
The transfer service inspects the object that you are transferring and adds any additional objects that 
it finds to the package. For example, if you select the check box or specify the option when you export 
a treatment, the transfer package includes the eligibility rule set for the treatment and any version 
notes that are associated with different versions of the treatment. If you export a decision, the transfer 
package includes all of the information for any rule sets, treatment groups, lookup tables, 
subdecisions, and other objects (except models) that are used in the decision. It also includes objects 
that are used in subdecisions.
Some object types are handled differently:
nGlobal variables are automatically transferred when you transfer a rule set or a decision 
regardless of whether you select the option for including dependencies. However, if a global 
variable already exists in the target environment where you import the content, SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  does not overwrite the existing global variable with the imported version.
nVersion notes are included in the transfer package, so you do not need to transfer the notes 
separately. Version notes in the transfer package are displayed as unnamed
 resources when you 
view the contents of the package in SAS Environment Manager.
nModels are not included in the transfer package for a decision. For information about transferring 
models, see “Migrating Content between SAS Viya Environments” in SAS Model Manager: 
Administrator’s Guide .
nCustom functions are not included directly in a decision, so they are not considered dependent 
objects and are not included in the transfer package.
nVersion tags are not included in the transfer package for any objects. It is recommended that you 
assign new tags in the target environment.
For more information about promotion process for Viya 4, see SAS Viya Platform: Content Migration 
from SAS Viya 4 .
IMPORTANT After a treatment group is transferred to a new environment, you must activate 
the group in the new environment in order to use the group in a decision. For more information, 
see “Activate a Treatment Group” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: User’s Guide  or “Activate 
Treatment Groups” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Decision Management REST API 
Examples .
IMPORTANT In order to use a lookup table that has been transferred to a new environment, 
you must do one of the following:45