Manager, or specify the --include-dependencies
 option in the sas-viya CLI. If you include 
dependencies in the transfer package, the package includes the eligibility rule sets for the 
treatments and any version notes that are associated with different versions of the treatments. For 
more information about exporting and importing content, see SAS Viya Platform: Content 
Migration from SAS Viya 4 .
Note: You cannot transfer subject contacts records between databases.
2Delete any existing third-party configuration settings for the database. For more information, see 
“Delete Third-Party Database Configurations” on page 33.
3In SAS Environment Manager, edit the configuration properties for the database. For more 
information, see “Properties for Third-Party Subject Contacts and Treatment Definition Databases” 
on page 21.
4On the primary node of the Kubernetes cluster, export the KUBECONFIG environment variable, 
and set the value of the Kubernetes namespace (such as d9997
):export KUBECONFIG=/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf# List all the available namespaces. Find the namespace of the SAS Viya deployment.kubectl get namespace# Set the namespace of the SAS Viya deployment.namespace=k8s_namespace_value
5Shut down the subject contacts service, the treatment definitions service, or both services, 
depending on which databases you are reconfiguring:kubectl scale deployment sas-subject-contacts -n $namespace --replicas=0kubectl scale deployment sas-decisions-definitions -n $namespace --replicas=0
6Start new instances of the services that you shut down in Step 5 :kubectl scale deployment sas-subject-contacts -n $namespace --replicas=1kubectl scale deployment sas-decisions-definitions -n $namespace --replicas=1
7(Optional) Import the treatment groups that you exported in Step 1  into the third-party database.
IMPORTANT After a treatment group is imported into a new database, you must activate 
the group in order to use the group in a decision. For more information, see “Activate a 
Treatment Group” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: User’s Guide  or “Activate Treatment 
Groups” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Decision Management REST API Examples .
IMPORTANT The backup and restore processes described in SAS Viya Platform: Backup 
and Restore  apply only to services that do not use a third-party configuration. They do not 
apply to third-party configuration settings or to content stored in a third-party database. You 
must implement your own backup and restore processes for any services that use a third-party 
configuration.29