Properties for Third-Party Subject Contacts and 
Treatment Definition Databases
About the Databases and Schemas
By default, the subject contacts and treatment definitions are stored in the PostgreSQL instance that 
was installed with SAS Viya. You can use Oracle or a different instance of PostgreSQL for these 
databases.
The best practice for configuring third-party databases for subject contacts and treatment definitions 
is to use different schemas (owners and passwords) for each database. SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
uses Liquibase to manage a database changelog. Liquibase uses this changelog to determine how to 
update the database on your behalf during installation and updates. If you use a different schema for 
each database, then the database changelog tables that are used by Liquibase are not shared. Using 
different schemas makes it easier to destroy all of the tables that are associated with a service in 
case you need to re-create a database.
An Oracle user has only one schema, and it has the same name as the user. To use different 
schemas in Oracle, different users must own the databases.
Third-Party Database Properties
Note: SAS Intelligent Decisioning provides database drivers for PostgreSQL and Oracle within the 
containers for each database. You cannot customize the database drivers.
To use a third-party database, you must add the configuration properties for the appropriate service in 
SAS Environment Manager.
Note: Before you configure a third-party database for subject contacts or treatment definitions, verify 
that the SharedServices database and the schemas for your third-party databases (subjectcontacts or 
treatmentdefinitions) are already configured with the correct ID and privileges.
1Sign in to SAS Environment Manager as an administrator.
Note: If you are already logged in to SAS Intelligent Decisioning, access SAS Environment 
Manager by clicking  and selecting Manage Environment .
2Click  to navigate to the Configuration category view.
3In the View  menu, select Definitions .
4Complete these steps for each definition listed in Table 1 on page 22:
aSelect the definition. Definitions are listed in Table 1 on page 22.
bClick New Configuration . The New Configuration  window appears. By default, the new 
configurations apply to both the Subject Contacts service and the Treatment Definition service.21