Analytic Score service in SAS Environment Manager. For information, see “Database Access with 
DS2” in SAS Micro Analytic Service: Programming and Administration Guide .
In container destinations, only certain database types can be queried by using data query files, DS2 
code files that contain SQL queries, or custom context files that contain SQL queries. If a decision 
requires database access, SAS Container Runtime includes the required database-supported driver 
when it creates the image. To identify the required database, specify the --databaseDriver property 
when you create the publishing destination. If you do not specify the --databaseDriver property, the 
driver for Oracle is included in the image. For information about creating a publishing destination and 
specifying the --databaseDriver property, see “models Plug-In” in SAS Viya: Models Command-Line 
Interface . For information about configuring database access, see “Configuring a Database 
Connection” in SAS Container Runtime: Programming and Administration Guide .
Configuring Support for Python Code 
Files
To support decisions that contain custom Python code files, you must enable PyMAS package 
support. For more information, see “Configuring Python for SAS Micro Analytic Service” in SAS Micro 
Analytic Service: Programming and Administration Guide .
To use Python code files in SAS Intelligent Decisioning, user authentication must be enabled in one of 
the following ways:
nUsers who are working with Python code files must be added to the CASHostAccountRequired 
custom group. For more information, see the following topics:
o“The CASHostAccountRequired Custom Group” in SAS Viya: Identity Management
o“Manage Custom Groups” in SAS Environment Manager: User’s Guide
nThe CASALLHOSTACCOUNTS environment variable must be set. For information, see 
“env.CASALLHOSTACCOUNTS” in SAS Viya: SAS Cloud Analytic Services .
The MAS_M2PATH, MAS_PYPATH, and MAS_PYWAIT environment variables must be set. They are 
usually set during the deployment process. See “Environment Variables” in SAS Micro Analytic 
Service: Programming and Administration Guide  for more information.
Additional information is available in the file $deploy/sas-bases/docs/configure_python_for_sas_viya.html
.
Set creation_dttm Values
Note: You do not need to set the creation_dttm values for new installations of SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning on SAS Viya. This task is required only for databases that were created with SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning 5.4 and earlier on SAS Viya.26