Test definitions and test results for rule sets, models, and decisions are not transferred automatically 
when rule sets, models, and decisions are transferred. To transfer test definitions and test results that 
are in a folder, you can transfer the folder. To transfer test definitions and test results that were not 
saved in a folder, you must list the URI for each definition and results table in the transfer request. 
(Beginning with SAS Intelligent Decisioning 5.3, you can save test definitions and test results in a 
folder.)
Output tables in CAS must be transferred manually. However, it is recommended that you re-create 
and rerun the test in the target environment instead of transferring the old output tables and test 
information.
Transfer Treatments from SAS 9.4 to SAS Viya
You can transfer treatments from SAS Real-Time Decision Manager on SAS 9.4 to SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning on SAS Viya. This process uses the sasmaextract integration utility that is distributed with 
SAS Customer Intelligence.
The transfer process transfers custom detail names, values, and whether the custom details are 
dynamic or static. Custom details in SAS Real-Time Decision Manager become treatment attributes in 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning. The detail label becomes the attribute name. Static details become fixed 
attributes.
Some custom detail properties such as whether a detail is required and the number of decimal places 
for a detail value are not applicable in SAS Intelligent Decisioning and are not transferred.
Some custom detail properties are transferred but handled differently in SAS Intelligent Decisioning.
nSAS Intelligent Decisioning does not support the data types time, week, month, quarter, or year. 
Custom details of these types become character attributes in SAS Intelligent Decisioning.
nThe Decision Management API enables you to create attributes that define a range of values, but 
the SAS Intelligent Decisioning user interface displays range values as [object Object]
.
nIf a custom detail has a drop-down list of numeric values, the detail is transferred as an attribute 
that has a list of values. However, the list of attribute values contains only the default value from 
the drop-down list in SAS Real-Time Decision Manager.
nIf a custom detail has a drop-down list of date values, the detail is not transferred as a list. It is 
transferred as a date attribute with the default value from the drop-down list in SAS Real-Time 
Decision Manager.
To transfer treatments from a SAS 9.4 environment to a SAS Viya environment, complete these 
steps:
1Download and unpack or unzip the SAS Intelligent Decisioning CLIs for your platform. The 
download file is available at https://support.sas.com/downloads/browse.htm?fil=&cat=612 . For 
more information about the download file, see “About the SAS Intelligent Decisioning CLIs” in SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning: Command-Line Interfaces  and “Downloading and Installing the CLIs” in 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Command-Line Interfaces .
This download file contains an input stylesheet and an output stylesheet for use with the 
sasmaextract command: pass_thru.xslt and transform_treatments.xslt.
IMPORTANT Do not modify these stylesheets.
2Log on to the machine where SAS Customer Intelligence on SAS 9.4 is running.43