o“Configuring Git Publishing Destinations by Using the REST API” on page 25
For information about configuring a publishing destination to support querying a database, see 
“Configuring Support for Querying Databases” on page 25.
Configuring Git Publishing Destinations by Using 
the REST API
When you define a Git publishing destination by using the REST API, you can specify whether the 
code that is generated for the destination is compatible with CAS environments (CAS
) or with SAS 
Micro Analytic Service (MAS
) environments. The code that is generated for an object when it is 
published can be run only in a destination that matches the destination type for which the code 
generated. If you deploy a published object to a destination with which it is not compatible, an error 
occurs when you run the code.
To specify the destination type for which you want SAS Intelligent Decisioning to generate the code 
that is published to the Git destination, include the codeGenerationMode
 property in the specification 
for the target destination. Specify CAS
 or MAS
 as the value of the property. For example:targetDestination= {    "properties":[        {"name": "codeGenerationMode",        "value": "CAS"}    ]}
The default setting is MAS
. If you do not include this property, the code that is generated for the 
destination will be compatible with SAS Micro Analytic Service destinations.
Verifying Publishing Destinations
You can use the SAS Intelligent Decisioning tutorials to verify that your publishing destinations are 
configured properly. For more information, see SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Tutorials .
Configuring Support for Querying 
Databases
You can publish decisions that use data query files, DS2 code files that contain SQL queries, or 
custom code files that contain data queries to SAS Micro Analytic Service destinations and to 
container destinations.
For SAS Micro Analytic Service destinations, you must configure SAS Micro Analytic Service support 
for your database. You can supply the database connection string in code, but SAS recommends that 
you supply it by using the sas.microanalyticservice.service.connectionstring  property for the Micro 25