Granting Access to Tests That Were Created in SAS Decision 
Manager 5.1 or 5.2 on SAS Viya
In SAS Decision Manager 5.1 and 5.2, you could not save test definitions and test results in a folder. 
By default, SAS Decision Manager created rules that gave only the user who created a test 
permission to view, update, or delete the test definition and to run the test. Only a user who ran a test 
could view the test results and run rule-fired analyses or decision-path tracking analyses.
To grant other users access to test definitions or test results that were created in SAS Decision 
Manager 5.1 or 5.2, do one of the following:
nAdd the users to the SASScoreUsers group. SAS Intelligent Decisioning configures the 
SASScoreUsers group automatically. Members of this group have full access to test definitions 
and results. These permissions enable access through the user interface, the score definition 
service, and the score execution service. For instructions on adding users to a group, see 
“Manage Custom Groups” in SAS Environment Manager: User’s Guide .
nCreate rules in SAS Environment Manager that grant the users access to the URIs that were 
generated when a particular test was run. The Test Results  page, Rule-Fired Analysis  page, and 
Decision Path Tracking  page for a test list the URIs to all of the test results. Specify the URIs of 
the results in the Object URI  field in the New Rule  window. See “Rules Page” in SAS Environment 
Manager: User’s Guide  for more information. 
Note: Each time a test is run, the IDs for the test results are regenerated. Therefore, the URI to 
the test results changes.
Define Asset Approval Workflow User Groups
If you enable the SID Asset Approval workflow by turning on the sas.decisions.workflow.enabled 
configuration property, then you must define the custom user groups shown in Table 7 on page 58. 
Define these groups in SAS Environment Manager, and assign the appropriate users to each group.
Membership in these groups is required to be able to set the workflow status values for a decision 
version. The group determines which status changes the group’s members can make for a version 
that is under development.
To create the workflow user groups:
1Sign in to SAS Environment Manager as an administrator.
Note: If you are already logged in to SAS Intelligent Decisioning as an administrator, access SAS 
Environment Manager by clicking  and selecting Manage Environment .
2Click  to navigate to the Users category view.
3In the View  menu, select Custom groups .
4Complete the following steps for each group listed in Table 7 on page 58:
aClick . The New Custom Group  window appears.57