“Using Variable Assignment Logging” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: User’s Guide
sas.decisions.variable.length
Click New Configuration  to define this configuration instance.
honorOutputLengthInMAS
Specifies whether output-only decision variables of type Character honor the length that is 
specified in the user interface. This option affects only the code that is generated for container 
destinations and for SAS Micro Analytic Service  destinations.
IMPORTANT When this option is turned on and the value of an output variable is longer 
than the length specified by this option, the output value is truncated. When this option is 
turned off or is not defined, the length specified in the user interface is ignored in container 
destinations and in SAS Micro Analytic Service  destinations.
sas.decisions.workflow
sas.decisions.workflow.authorMayApprove
Specifies that a user who is a member of both the SIDWFAuthor and the SIDWFReviewer custom 
user groups can approve work that they authored. If a user is not a member of the 
SIDWFReviewer group, then that user cannot approve decisions. This property is ignored if the
sas.decisions.workflow.enabled  property is turned off.DefaultOffSee“Define Asset Approval Workflow User Groups” on page 57
sas.decisions.workflow.enabled
Specifies whether decisions are developed in the SAS Intelligent Decisioning approval workflow. 
When this property is turned on, a new instance of the workflow is started when a new decision or 
a new version of an existing decision is created. Decision versions that existed before the 
workflow was enabled are not automatically put into the workflow.DefaultOffSee“Enable the Asset Approval Workflow” on page 41 “Using SAS Workflow with SAS Intelligent Decisioning” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: 
User’s Guide
sas.subjectcontacts.datagrid
sas.subjectcontacts.datagrid.length
Specifies the default length of the serialized data grid, including the JSON syntax, that is 
generated for subject contacts. Specifying a shorter length can reduce memory usage and might 
improve performance.Default10,485,760 14