nactivate the table in the new environment. For instructions for activating a lookup table by 
using the user interface, see “Activating a Lookup Table” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: 
User’s Guide .
ntransfer the formats data on SAS Cloud Analytic Services (CAS) and the SAS Micro 
Analytic Service module for the SAS Micro Analytic Service destination. The module name 
is shown on the Properties  tab for the lookup table. 
Test definitions and test results for rule sets, models, and decisions are not transferred automatically 
when rule sets, models, and decisions are transferred. To transfer test definitions and test results that 
are in a folder, you can transfer the folder. To transfer test definitions and test results that were not 
saved in a folder, you must list the URI for each definition and results table in the transfer request. 
(Beginning with SAS Intelligent Decisioning 5.3, you can save test definitions and test results in a 
folder.)
Output tables in CAS must be transferred manually. However, it is recommended that you re-create 
and rerun the test in the target environment instead of transferring the old output tables and test 
information.
Transfer Content That Was Published to a CAS 
Destination
You can transfer the published module for a rule set, decision, or model by using the transfer plug-in 
to the sas-viyasas-admin CLI. In the CLI command, identify the module that you want to transfer by 
specifying its URI in the following format:/modelPublish/destinations/destination_name/models/published_name
Only the content that was included inline in the generated module is transferred. For CAS 
destinations, treatment groups and global variables are always included in the generated module. 
Lookup tables are included in the generated module only if the sas.businessrules.lookupStaticBinding 
configuration option was set to On when the content was published. If this option is set to Off when 
the content was published, you must transfer the lookup format library. When you transfer the library, 
all of the lookup tables that are activated in the source environment are also transferred. For more 
information, see the following topics:
n“sas.businessrules.lookupStaticBinding ” on page 6
n“sas.referencedata.casformats.formatsLibrary ” on page 16
n“sas.referencedata.activation.activateLookupOnImport ” on page 16
n“Content Executed by Published Decisions” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: User’s Guide
To transfer a published module between SAS Viya environments:
1Export the published module. For example, to export a module named card_offers1_0 that was 
published to the destination CASPublic, specify the following CLI command:sas-admin --profile source-profile transfer export     --resource-uri "/modelPublish/destinations/CASPublic/models/card_offers1_0"sas-viya --profile source-profile transfer export     --resource-uri "/modelPublish/destinations/CASPublic/models/card_offers1_0"
If the export
 command is successful, the CLI returns the package ID:The package with the ID 8f32140f-34e1-42dd-8d85-f8129ff5dabb was created.
46