nSAS Administrators. Members of this group can view and modify workflow history items, but they 
have access to workflow history items only if the Workflow Administrator group is not defined. For 
more information, see “Predefined Custom Groups” in SAS Viya: Identity Management .
nApplication Administrators. Members of this group can view and modify workflow history items, but 
they have access to workflow history items only if the Workflow Administrator group is not defined. 
For more information, see “Predefined Custom Groups” in SAS Viya: Identity Management .
nWorkflow Administrator. Members of this group can view and modify workflow history items. For 
more information, see “Configure the Default Workflow Administrator Group” in SAS Workflow 
Manager: Administrator’s Guide .
nWorkflowHistoryView. Members of this group can view workflow history records, but they cannot 
modify the workflow history. This group can view workflow history items even if the Workflow 
Administrator group is defined. For more information, see “Define the WorkflowHistoryView 
Administrators Group” on page 59.
Define the WorkflowHistoryView Administrators Group
1Sign in to SAS Environment Manager as an administrator.
Note: If you are already logged in to SAS Intelligent Decisioning as an administrator, access SAS 
Environment Manager by clicking  and selecting Manage Environment .
2Click  to navigate to the Users category view.
3In the View  menu, select Custom groups .
4Click . The New Custom Group  window appears.
5Enter a name for the group.
6Enter the group ID WorkflowHistoryView
.
7(Optional) Enter View the workflow status change history
 as the group description.
8Click Save .
9Add the appropriate users to the new group. For instructions, see “Add or Remove Custom Group 
Members” in SAS Environment Manager: User’s Guide .
Set Permissions for Check-Out Folders
TIP If your site needs separate folders that are enabled for the check-out and commit feature, 
it is recommended that you create these folders in the /Decision Repository
 folder. 
Subfolders in the repository inherit the default settings for the decision repository. 
If you create check-out folders outside of the /Decision Repository
 folder, you must manually set 
permissions for these folders in order to force users to check out the objects in these folders before 
modifying the objects. To manually set the permissions for check-out folders:59