Enable the Asset Approval Workflow
SAS Intelligent Decisioning provides a predefined approval workflow for decisions. This workflow is 
named SID Asset Approval. When the workflow is enabled, a new instance of the workflow is started 
each time a new decision or a new version of an existing decision is created in SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning. The Move to status  button appears in the interface when a user opens a decision that is 
in a workflow. As the users that are responsible for developing, testing, reviewing, approving, 
deploying the decision version each finish their tasks, they set the status of the workflow to the 
appropriate value, such as Developing, Approved, or Deployment-ready. For more information about 
the workflow, see “Using SAS Workflow with SAS Intelligent Decisioning” in SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning: User’s Guide .
To enable this workflow for decisions in SAS Intelligent Decisioning:
1Turn on the sas.decisions.workflow.enabled  configuration property.
2(Optional) Turn on the sas.decisions.workflow.authorMayApprove  configuration property.  This 
property specifies whether a user who authors a decision can also approve the decision.
3(Recommended) Turn on the sas.businessrules.publish.hideRuleSetPublish  configuration 
property.  This property specifies whether the Publish  button is hidden for rule sets. It is 
recommended that you turn on this property so that all published content is developed in the 
workflow.
4Define the custom user groups for the workflow, and assign the appropriate users to each group. 
For more information, see “Define Asset Approval Workflow User Groups” on page 57.
5Grant the appropriate users access to the workflow history. For more information, see “Granting 
Access to the History of Workflow Status Changes” on page 58.
6(Optional) Configure the length of time that workflow history items are retained. For more 
information, see “Configure History Event Properties” in SAS Workflow Manager: Administrator’s 
Guide .
Migrating Content
About Migration
You can move from previous releases or versions of SAS to the latest version. You can move from 
SAS 9.4 to SAS Viya, from SAS Viya 3.5 to SAS Viya 4, or from SAS Viya 4 to a different SAS Viya 4 
deployment. You can migrate content, or you can migrate a full system. For information about the 
SAS Viya migration processes, see System Migration and Content Migration .
For information about migrating SAS Intelligent Decisioning content, see the following topics:41