You can also specify rules for other SAS Intelligent Decisioning  URIs. The SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
URIs are listed in “Tasks Enabled by Default Rules for Object URIs” on page 54
Full Access and Service Endpoints
In order to have full access to an object, a user must have access to the folder that contains the 
object, to the specific object, to any additional objects that are referenced by the object, and to the 
service endpoints for all object types. For example, in order to have full access to a specific decision, 
the user must have access to the following:
nthe folder that contains the decision.
nthe folder that contains the test definition and test results.
nthe decision, plus any rule sets, lookup tables, models, treatment groups, code files, global 
variables, custom functions, and nested decisions that are included in the decision. 
nthe service endpoints for the object types for the folder, the decision, and all of the objects that are 
included in the decision. If the decision contains a model, the endpoints for the model repository 
and the model project (if the model is in a project) must be included. 
nthe service endpoints for the object types that are needed to create and run a decision 
test: /scoreDefinitions/definitions  and /scoreExecution/executions . Alternatively, if you are using 
the SASScoreUsers group, the user can be a member of the SASScoreUsers group. See 
“Granting Access to Test Results” on page 56 for more information.
nthe service endpoints that are needed to publish the decision: /modelPublish/destination and /
modelPublish/destination/{ destination }.
Service endpoints for specific object types are represented by the object URIs. These object URIs are 
shown in “Tasks Enabled by Default Rules for Object URIs” on page 54. You grant permissions for 
object URIs by creating or modifying rules in SAS Environment Manager. For more information, see 
“Setting Rules-Based Permissions” on page 53 and “Rules Page” in SAS Environment Manager: 
User’s Guide .
Note: If a user has access to a decision but does not have access to an object that is referenced in 
the decision, SAS Intelligent Decisioning displays  next to the object name.
Tasks Enabled by Default Rules for Object URIs
Permission rules for object URIs are defined in SAS Environment Manager. By default, general rules 
are defined for all object URIs in SAS Intelligent Decisioning. Table 6  describes the tasks that are 
enabled by these default rules.Table 6 Tasks Enabled by Default Rules for Object URIs in SAS Intelligent Decisioning Object URITasks/businessRulesView the Business Rules category. 54