NoteThis option applies to both published code and test code.See“LOGICALEXPR=STANDARD | OPTIMIZED” in SAS DS2 Language Reference
sas.businessrules.lookupStaticBinding
Specifies whether published rule sets and decisions use new versions of lookup tables that were 
activated after the rule set or decision was published. When this property is set to On, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning generates a static version of the active version of the lookup table and 
embeds it in the code that is generated for the published object. Newly activated versions of 
lookup tables are ignored by the published objects.
IMPORTANT If you publish an object that uses a lookup table to a Teradata or Hadoop 
destination, set this option to On. Code that is generated for Teradata and Hadoop 
destinations work correctly only when lookup tables are included in the generated code.
Lookup tables are automatically embedded in objects published to container destinations. 
This configuration option is ignored for container destinations.
For more information, see “Controlling Where Lookup Tables Are Activated And How They Are 
Used” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: User’s Guide .DefaultOff
sas.businessrules.messageLimit
Specifies whether SAS Intelligent Decisioning adds the DS2 option MSGLIMIT= to the code that it 
generates for rule sets. The MSGLIMIT= option specifies the maximum number of error, warning, 
and note messages that can be written to the SAS log while the code executes.Default1024RestrictionThis configuration option is valid only when sas.businessrules.messageOrder  is set 
to TEMPORAL.See“MSGLIMIT=n | MIN | MAX” in SAS DS2 Language Reference
sas.businessrules.messageOrder
Specifies whether SAS Intelligent Decisioning adds the DS2 option MSGORDER= to the code that 
it generates for rule sets. The MSGORDER= option specifies whether DS2 writes error, warning, 
and note messages to the SAS log as they are produced or after the code executes. Valid option 
values are STANDARD and TEMPORAL.STANDARDspecifies that DS2 writes the messages after the code executes. PUT 
statement messages precede the diagnostic messages in the log.TEMPORALspecifies that DS2 writes the messages as they are produced. PUT statement 
messages are interspersed with the diagnostic messages in the log.DefaultSTANDARDNoteThis option applies to both published code and test code.See“MSGORDER=STANDARD | TEMPORAL” in SAS DS2 Language Reference
sas.businessrules.scond
Specifies whether SAS Intelligent Decisioning adds the DS2 option SCOND= to the code that it 
generates for rule sets. The SCOND= option specifies the level of the messages that are 6