Syntax
sas-viya  <global-options > sid-functions  command  <command-options >
Commands
In addition to the global commands in “Global Commands” on page 3, you can 
specify the following commands:
add <- -replace > category-name  path-to-DS2-input-file
adds the function (method) that is defined in the input file to the specified 
category. If you specify the - -replace
 option, the function definition in the input 
file replaces the current definition of the function with the same name. Function 
names must be unique within an environment or tenant and are limited to 250 
characters. Function names must be valid DS2 identifiers. For more information, 
see “DS2 Identifiers” in SAS DS2 Programmer’s Guide .
categories subcommand  <arguments >
creates and manages custom function categories. Category names must be 
unique within an environment or tenant and are limited to 250 characters. For 
information about each subcommand, see “Subcommands for the categories 
Command” on page 24.
delete function-name
deletes the specified function. If the function does not exist, this command has 
no effect.
download-code
downloads the code for all of the custom functions in the environment and sends 
the output to stdout.
list
lists the names and parameters for all of the custom functions that are defined in 
the environment.
Subcommands for the categories Command
create <options > category-name
- -description " category-description "
specifies a description for the category.
- -replace category-name  <category-description >
enables you to add, delete, or modify the description of a category. To delete 
the existing description of a category, omit the - -description
 option:sas-viya sid-functions --replace myCategory
delete category-name
deletes the specified category and all of the functions in that category.
help
displays help information for the categories command.
list
lists the custom function categories that are defined in the environment.24Chapter 2 / SAS Intelligent Decisioning CLIs