--tablename table_name
Specifies the name of the global CAS model table into which you want to 
deploy the object.Alias-tDefaultSAS_MODEL_TABLERequirementThe specified table must exist. See “Specifying CAS 
Destination Properties” on page 18.InteractionThis option is used only if you specify --destinationType=CAS
.
Details
Deploying Published Objects
You can use the decisiongitdeploy plug-in to the sas-viya CLI to deploy decisions 
and rule sets from a local Git repository to a SAS Micro Analytic Service destination 
or to a CAS destination.
You can deploy published objects only to destinations with which they are 
compatible. When you define a Git publishing destination, you can specify whether 
the code that is generated for and published to the destination is compatible with 
CAS destinations or with SAS Micro Analytic Service destinations. For more 
information, see “Configuring Publishing Destinations” in SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning: Administrator’s Guide .
When you deploy an object to a CAS destination, the object is created as a row in 
the model table for that destination. When you deploy an object to a SAS Micro 
Analytic Service destination, the object is created as a module in the service.
TIP You can define a Jenkins job that listens for objects to be published to a 
Git repository. The job can use this CLI to automatically deploy the published 
module to the target destinations.
Specifying CAS Destination Properties
For CAS destinations, the CLI does not create the library or table if the library or 
table that you specify does not exist. The libraries and tables for CAS destinations 
are created when the publishing destination is configured. You can use the cas plug-
in to the sas-viya CLI to verify that the library and table exist. For more information, 
see “CLI Examples: CAS Administration” in SAS Viya: Using the Command-Line 
Interface  and SAS Viya: Publishing Destinations .
You can view the properties of a publishing destination, including the library, server, 
and table name in SAS Environment Manager. To view the CAS destination 
properties:
1Click  and select Manage Environment  to navigate to SAS Environment 
Manager.18Chapter 2 / SAS Intelligent Decisioning CLIs