show category-name
displays the properties of the specified category.
Details
Using Custom Functions
You can use custom functions to perform actions that are not available with the 
standard functions that SAS provides. Custom functions also enable you to 
encapsulate and reuse business logic. You can define the method for the function in 
a DS2 file, add that file to SAS Intelligent Decisioning as a custom function, and use 
the function in rule sets and in DS2 code files.
A custom function DS2 file can contain only one method definition. The name of the 
method becomes the name of the custom function. The name cannot be the same 
as the name of an existing SAS function. For example, your custom function file 
might define a custom function named square
 that calculates the square of a 
number:method square(double value) returns double;    return value * value;end;
The method signature can include variables that are both input and output variables. 
Specify these variables with the in_out
 keyword. Custom functions support data 
grid packages and the DS2 data types that are listed in “Data Types for SAS Data 
Sets” in SAS DS2 Language Reference .
Before you add a custom function to SAS Intelligent Decisioning, test the function 
code by including it in a DS2 custom code file, including the code file in a decision, 
and running a scenario test. For example, you can test the square
 function with the 
following custom code file:package "${PACKAGE_NAME}" /inline;    method square(double value) returns double;        return value * value;    end;    method execute(double value, in_out double result);       result = square(value);   end;endpackage;
For more information, see “Ways to Test a Code File” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: 
User’s Guide  and “Test a Scenario” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: User’s Guide .
When you add a function category and custom function to SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning, this CLI adds the category and function to the list of functions in the 
expression editor. Custom categories appear as subcategories under the category 
Custom. For example, if you add a function category named Exponential and a 
function named square
, these appear above the SAS functions in the expression 
editor:sid-functions Plug-In 25