cIn the Edit Columns  window, click Add. SAS Intelligent Decisioning  adds all 
of the columns in the data table to the table of columns.
d(Optional) Click  for any columns that you do not want to add to your data 
grid.
e(Optional) For character string values, enter a length if you do not want to use 
the default length.
5(Optional) To add columns from another data grid variable in the same object:
aSelect Add columns from a data grid , and click Browse . The Edit Columns 
window appears.
bSelect the data grid that contains the column that you want to add.
cIn the Available items  list, select the columns that you want to add , and 
click  or .
dClick OK to return to the Edit Columns  window.
6(Optional) Select the Data does not contain column metadata  check box. The 
JSON character string for each row in a data grid normally contains metadata 
that defines the columns in the data grid and the data for each column. 
Depending on the data types and the number of columns in the data grid, the 
metadata can increase the size of the data grid considerably. 
For output-only variables, select Data does not contain column metadata  if 
you do not want column metadata to be included in the output JSON string for 
the data grid.
For input-only variables and input-output variables, select this check box if the 
input JSON string for the data grid does not contain column metadata. In order to 
select this option, you must click  and define the columns in the data grid. Do 
not select this check box if the input JSON contains column metadata. If the 
column definitions that you enter in the user interface do not match the input 
data, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  does not know what the column names are. 
The column names are set to placeholder values such as COL_X
. If this checkbox 
is selected but the JSON for the input data grid contains column metadata, 
execution might fail or produce inaccurate results.
7(Optional) Select the Create Column  check box for the new columns if you want 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  to create the new columns at run time. At run time, if 
a column already exists in the input data grid, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  does 
not add a new column or overwrite the existing column. For more information, 
see “When Are Data Grid Columns Created?” on page 3.
8Click OK to add the selected columns to your data grid variable and return to the 
Edit Variable  window.
9Click OK.
Delete Columns from a Data Grid
1On the Variables  tab of a decision, click on the data grid variable that you want 
to edit. The Edit Variable  window appears.8Chapter 1 / Using Data Grids in SAS Intelligent Decisioning