Defining Data Grid Variables
Data grid variables can be imported, exported, created, edited, and added to rule 
sets in the same way as other variables. When you are creating or importing data 
grid variables, the following guidelines apply:
nThe columns within a data grid can contain only character or numeric data.
nIn the SAS Intelligent Decisioning  interface, which input data grid variables you 
define depend on how you are working with the data grid.
oIf you are using data grid functions, define input variables for only the table 
columns that contain the data grids. When you use a data grid function, the 
function parameter that specifies the name of the data grid column must be 
either a literal value or a variable that evaluates to the data grid column 
name.
oIf you are executing a rule set or subdecision against each row in the data 
grid, define variables for the each column within the data grid.
Scoring Rows in a Data Grid
Data grid variables are processed like any other character variable unless you do 
one of the following:
nuse data grid functions to process the individual data values within the data grid. 
For more information, see “Using Data Grid Functions” on page 9.
nuse the Score rows in this data grid  option to process each row in the data 
grid.
To process the rows within a data grid, select the Score rows in this data grid 
option on the Input Variables  property panel when you are mapping decision 
variables for the node. If you select this option, you can map the node’s input 
variables to columns in the data grid instead of to columns in the input table. SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  changes the default variable mappings to columns in the data 
grid if columns exist that have the same names as the node's input variables. You 
can customize the variable mappings as needed. When you select this option, the 
decision node processes all of the rows in the data grid before execution moves to 
the next node in the decision.
IMPORTANT When the node object is a filtering rule set, and you select 
Score rows in this data grid , rows that do not meet the criteria defined by 
the rules are removed from the data grid.6Chapter 1 / Using Data Grids in SAS Intelligent Decisioning