Mapping Data Grid Variables in a Decision
When you add an object to a decision and the object contains a data grid variable, 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning creates a decision variable for the data grid in the same 
way that it creates decision variables for object variables of other data types. When 
you select Score rows in this data grid  for an object that uses a data grid, you can 
choose to map the columns in the object’s data grid variable either to columns in the 
decision’s data grid variable or to other decision variables. In the lists of variables in 
the Input Variables  property pane, the decision’s scalar variables are identified by 
the  icon, and the decision’s data grid columns are identified by the  icon.
For more information, see “Map Object Variables to Decision Variables” in SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning: User’s Guide  and “Scoring Rows in a Data Grid” on page 6.
Editing Data Grid Variable Metadata
For existing data grid variables, you can add or delete columns in the data grid 
variable.
Note: Changes to the metadata for an object’s data grid affect the data grid only in 
the latest and subsequent versions of the object. Data grids in earlier versions of the 
object are not affected.
Add Columns to a Data Grid
To add a column to a data grid:
1On the Variables  tab of a rule set, code file, or decision, click on the data grid 
variable that you want to edit. The Edit Variable  window appears.
2Click  on columns field to open the Edit Columns  window.
3(Optional) To add new custom columns to the data grid:
aSelect Add a new column , and enter the name of the new column in the 
columns field.
bSelect the data type of the column, and click Add.
4(Optional) To add columns from a data table:
aSelect Add columns from a data table , and click Browse . The Choose 
Data  window appears.
bSelect the data table, and click OK. SAS Intelligent Decisioning  closes the 
Choose Data  window, and adds all of the columns in the data table to the 
columns field in the Edit Columns  window.Working with Data Grids 7