The correct bibliographic citation for this manual is as follows: SAS Institute Inc. 2023. SAS® Intelligent Decisioning: Using Data Grids . Cary, 
NC: SAS Institute Inc.
SAS® Intelligent Decisioning: Using Data Grids
Copyright © 2023, SAS Institute Inc., Cary, NC, USA
All Rights Reserved. Produced in the United States of America.
For a hard copy book:  No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any 
means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the publisher, SAS Institute Inc.
For a web download or e-book:  Your use of this publication shall be governed by the terms established by the vendor at the time you 
acquire this publication.
The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book via the Internet or any other means without the permission of the publisher is illegal and 
punishable by law. Please purchase only authorized electronic editions and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted 
materials. Your support of others' rights is appreciated.
U.S. Government License Rights; Restricted Rights:  The Software and its documentation is commercial computer software developed at 
private expense and is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS to the United States Government. Use, duplication, or disclosure of the Software 
by the United States Government is subject to the license terms of this Agreement pursuant to, as applicable, FAR 12.212, DFAR 
227.7202-1(a), DFAR 227.7202-3(a), and DFAR 227.7202-4, and, to the extent required under U.S. federal law, the minimum restricted rights 
as set out in FAR 52.227-19 (DEC 2007). If FAR 52.227-19 is applicable, this provision serves as notice under clause (c) thereof and no other 
notice is required to be affixed to the Software or documentation. The Government’s rights in Software and documentation shall be only those 
set forth in this Agreement.
SAS Institute Inc., SAS Campus Drive, Cary, NC 27513-2414
April 2023
SAS® and all other SAS Institute Inc. product or service names are registered trademarks or trademarks of SAS Institute Inc. in the USA and 
other countries. ® indicates USA registration.
Other brand and product names are trademarks of their respective companies.
v_009-P1:edmdatagrids