1On the Scoring  tab, click the Tests  tab. 
2Click New Test . The New Test  window appears.
3Enter a name for the test if you do not want to use the default name. The name 
cannot contain forward slashes (/) or curly braces ({}).
4(Optional) Enter a description for the test. Descriptions are limited to 1000 
characters.
5(Optional) Click  for the Location  field, and select the folder where you want to 
save the test definition and results.
TIP Selecting a location is optional, but it is highly recommended. 
Storing test definitions and test results in a folder simplifies the tasks of 
setting permissions and transferring the test files.
6Click  for the Input table  field, select the input table for the test, and click OK. 
7Verify or change the variable mappings. To run a full test, map all of the input 
variables to columns in the input table that you selected for the test. To run a 
partial test, you can map only the input variables that are needed for the test.
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  automatically maps the input variables in the rule set 
to columns in the input table when the names and data types of the variables 
match those of the table columns.
If any input variables are not mapped to input columns or to static values, the 
application displays a warning message. At run time, SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
assigns missing values to input variables that are not mapped.
You can change the automatic variable mappings in the Variable Mappings 
window.
To change variable mappings:
aClick Variables . The Variable Mappings  window appears.
bFor each input variable, select the table column to which the variable should 
be mapped. If the input table contains more than 25 columns, click More 
columns  to display additional column names. Alternatively, for Decimal, 
Integer, and Character variables, you can select Use value  for the table 
column, and specify a literal value in the Value  column. When you are 
entering literal values, remember these rules:
nDo not enclose character strings in quotation marks.
nTo specify a missing value for character variables, select Use value  and 
leave the Value  column empty. When SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
generates code, it generates an empty string (''
). For numeric values, 
enter a period (.).64Chapter 2 / Working with Rule Sets