Table 6.1 Variables for Query Files Query File 
VariableDecision 
VariableDescriptionfile_name _retur
nCode_outreturnCodeThe return code that is generated by the query file.file_name _row
Count_outrowCountThe number of rows returned by the query.file_name _out dgoThe data grid variable that contains the output of the 
data query. The lengths of character columns in the 
data grid are determined by the lengths of the 
character variables that are specified in the SELECT 
statement.
Note: This variable is created only if the query 
selects data.
If the comment is present but the query does not select data, SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  creates only the return code variables.
If you remove the comment and the query selects data, only the output variables are 
created.
If you remove the comment and the query does not select data, no variables are 
created.
Using Macro Variables in SAS Studio
When you author a data query file in SAS Studio, you can pass input data to the 
decision by using macro variables. When you add the data query file to a decision, 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates decision variables that have the same name as 
the macro variables. When the decision executes, the values of the decision 
variables are set to the same values as the macro variables.
To define the macro variable in SAS Studio, open a SAS Program  tab and submit 
the %LET statement. For example, the following statement defines the macro 
variable &myName:%let myname = 'Arinya'
To use the macro variable in the Query  tab, reference it with an ampersand followed 
by the macro variable name:SELECT name FROM table WHERE name = &myname
When you create a filter expression, set the appropriate options so that SAS Studio 
recognizes the macro variable. The settings depend on whether the variable is 
character or numeric.
nIf the macro variable is numeric, check the Allow macros  check box. 
nIf the macro variable is character, check the Match Case  check box, and clear 
the Quote Strings  check box.162 Chapter 6 / Using Custom Code Files