If both an object and a decision that uses the object are checked out at the same 
time, or if you checked out the object from within the decision , click  on the 
object's node in the decision diagram, and select Cancel checkout .
If you check out a common rule set from within an assignment rule set , click  in 
the assignment rule set editor to open the context menu for the common rule set, 
and select Cancel check-out .
You can discard a checked-out version and any changes that you made by deleting 
the working copy of the version from your My Folder
 folder if the following 
conditions are true:
nYou have not checked out a decision that uses the object.
nThe object was not checked out at the same time as a decision  that uses the 
object,  or the object was not checked out from within the decision  after the 
decision was checked out.
The deleted version is moved to the recycle bin. See “Delete Rule Sets” on page 48.
Managing Version Tags for Rule Sets
Add a Version Tag
Version tags enable you to better organize and group your content. Version tags are 
associated with specific versions of an object and not with the entire object. You can 
add the same tag to any version of any object. To add a tag to a rule set version:
1On the Versions  tab, position your cursor in the Version Tags  column for the 
version that you want to tag. If the version is not tagged,  appears. If the 
version has at least one tag,  appears.
2Click  to open the New Version Tags  window, or click  to open the Edit 
Version Tags  window.
3For each tag that you want to add, either enter a custom tag or begin typing and 
select a tag from the list of previously entered tags. Press Enter after each tag. 
Tags are limited to 100 characters each and cannot contain the following 
characters: $ ' " # & ? ( ) \ /
TIP All tags that have been previously entered for any object are saved 
in the list that is displayed when you start typing. You cannot delete tags 
from this list.
TIP To filter the version list based on a tag, right-click on the Version 
Tags  column heading, enter a filter string in the Filter  box, and press 
Enter. To clear the filter, delete the string from the Filter  box, and press 
Enter.58Chapter 2 / Working with Rule Sets