Duplicate Decisions
Note: You cannot duplicate a decision if it is open. 
To duplicate a single decision:
1In the Decisions  category view, select the decision that you want to duplicate.
2Click  and select Duplicate . The Duplicate Decision  window appears.
3(Optional) Enter a new name for the duplicate decision. If you do not specify a 
new name or specify a suffix in Step 7b  SAS Intelligent Decisioning  appends _Copy
 to the name of the duplicate object. 
4(Optional) Enter a description for the decision.
5Select the version of the decision that you want to duplicate.
6Click  and select the location where you want to save the duplicate decision. If 
you select Duplicate included objects  in the next step, the duplicated objects 
are also saved to the location that you choose.
7(Optional) Click the Duplicate included objects  toggle if you want to duplicate 
the objects that are included in the decision. Selecting this option enables the 
View included objects  link and the Name suffix  field.
a(Optional) Click the View included objects  link to open the Included 
Objects  window. This window lists the objects that will be duplicated together 
with the decision. You can use the Search  field to search for specific objects 
by name in order to verify which objects will be duplicated. Objects that will 
not be duplicated are identified with the  warning icon. See “Duplicating 
Included Objects” on page 260 for more information.
Click Cancel  to close the window.
bIn the Name suffix  field, enter a custom string that you want SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  to append to the names of all of the duplicated objects.
8Click Duplicate .
To duplicate multiple decisions:
1In the Decisions  view, select the decisions that you want to duplicate.
2Click  and select Duplicate . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  duplicates the latest 
version of the decisions and appends _Copy
 to the names of the duplicate 
copies. If needed, a number is also appended to the names of the duplicate 
copies.
Note: When you duplicate a decision, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a 
relationship between the original decision and the duplicate decision. If either object 
is changed, and you later copy the contents of one object into the other, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  displays a warning message. Verify that you want to replace 
the current contents of the decision before you paste the new content.Managing Decisions 261