TIP You can click on the values of character variables to display the 
entire value in a separate window. For data grid variables, you can 
choose to view the variable value in three different formats:
nClick the Data Grid  tab to view the data grid value as a table.
nClick the Formatted  tab to view the data grid as a formatted JSON 
character string.
nClick the Plain  tab to view the data grid as an unformatted character 
string.
TIP On the Log page, you can click  to download the log file.
9Click Close  to close the rule set.
Working with Test and Validation Test Output Data
After you run a test or a publishing validation test, you can work with the output table 
in other SAS applications to analyze the data, create and compare models, discover 
relationships hidden in the data, and generate reports based on the data.
Note: The actions available to you depend on the applications that are available at 
your site.
On the Test Results  page, select the Output  table in the navigation pane, click 
Actions , and select one of the following options:
Explore Lineage
opens SAS Lineage Viewer. SAS Lineage Viewer enables you to better 
understand the relationships between objects in your SAS Viya applications. 
These objects include data, transformation processes, reports, and 
visualizations. For more information, see SAS Lineage: User’s Guide .
Explore and Visualize Data
opens the output table in SAS Visual Analytics. SAS Visual Analytics enables 
you to create, test, and compare models based on the patterns discovered 
during exploration of the data. You can export the model before or after 
performing model comparison for use with other SAS products or to put the 
model into production. SAS Visual Analytics supports a range of visualization, 
discovery, and reporting features. For more information, see Welcome to SAS 
Visual Analytics .
Prepare Data
opens the output table in SAS Data Studio. SAS Data Studio enables you to 
perform data transforms such as joining tables, appending data to a table, 
transposing columns, creating calculated columns, and so on. For more 
information, see SAS Data Studio: User’s Guide .Testing Rule Sets 75