ready, it is recommended that the author verify that the objects used in the 
decision are locked and cannot be edited.
Authors must be included in the SIDWFAuthor custom user group.
Reviewer
reviews the new version and decides whether to approve it. For example, the 
reviewer might compare the new version against the previously approved 
version and review the tests that were run by the author. The reviewer approves 
the decision by setting the status to Approved. The reviewer rejects the decision 
by setting the status back to Developing.
Reviewers must be included in the SIDWFReviewer custom user group.
TIP If the sas.decisions.workflow.authorMayApprove  configuration 
option is turned on, then users who are a member of both the 
SIDWFAuthor and the SIDWFReviewer custom user groups can approve 
work that they authored.
Deployer
determines whether the new version can be published and promoted to other 
environments for additional testing and production. If the version can be 
deployed, this user sets the status to Deployment-ready. When the version is 
ready to be deployed, the deployer can publish and promote the version, and set 
the status to Deployed.
Deployers must be included in the SIDWFDeployer custom user group.
Auditor
view workflow status change histories and produce audit reports.
Auditors must be in at least one of the four user groups described in “Granting 
Access to the History of Workflow Status Changes” in SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning: Administrator’s Guide .
Administrator
can perform any task that the author, reviewer, auditor, or deployer can perform. 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  workflow administrators must be included in the 
SIDWFAdmin custom user group.
TIP Members of the SAS Administrators group also have permission to 
make all status changes.
Note: Users in all roles can publish a decision, but it is strongly recommended that 
only users who have the role of Deployer or Administrator be permitted to publish 
decisions to testing and production environments. In cases where decisions are 
published to a Git repository, it is recommended that only users with the roles of 
Deployer or Administrator have access to the Git repository.
For information about defining custom user groups for the workflow, see “Define 
Asset Approval Workflow User Groups” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: 
Administrator’s Guide .Using SAS Workflow with SAS Intelligent Decisioning 217