The policies output variable in this example is a data grid variable. To enter values 
for data grid variables, use the JSON string format described in “Introduction to Data 
Grids” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Using Data Grids .
The format for date and datetime variables depends on your locale. Use the same 
format that is created by the date and datetime pickers when you click  or  to 
enter initial values for custom variables on the Variables  tab.
To import scenario test definitions:
1On the Scoring  tab, click the Scenarios  subtab, and then click Import 
Scenarios . The Import Scenarios  window appears.
2In the Import from  field, click  and select the CSV file that contains the 
scenario test values.
Note: The import file is limited to 10 MB.
3Select or enter the encoding of the CSV file.
4Enter a prefix for the scenario test definitions. SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
appends a number to this prefix for each test definition. The prefix can include 
double-byte characters and special characters, including single quotation marks.
5(Optional) Click  for the Folder location  field, and select the folder where you 
want to save the test definitions.
6Click  for the Output table location  field, and select the folder where you want 
to save the test results.
7Click Import .
Compare Different Scenarios
You can display the scenario definitions or results of two or more tests side-by-side. 
On the Scenarios  tab, select two or more tests, click , and select one of the 
following options:
Compare  ð Definitions
displays the input values and the expected output values that you entered for 
both tests. To edit the input values for a scenario test definition, click  next to 
the test name under Input Table . To edit the expected output values for a test, 
click  next to the test name under Output Table .
Compare  ð Results
displays the input values and the actual output values that were generated by 
the test. To display both the expected values and the actual values in the output 
table, select Display expected values . For each variable for which you selected 
Include  in Step 9 on page 191, the application highlights the variable if the 
actual and expected values do not match. Testing Code Files 193