Add a Common Rule Set Reference to an 
Assignment Rule Set
1Open the assignment rule set. If no variables are defined in the rule set, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  displays the Variables  tab. Otherwise, it displays the Rule 
Set tab.
TIP If you do not have permission to update an object, SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning displays (Read-Only)
 in the title bar next to the object name, 
and the buttons for modifying and saving the object are disabled.
2Click the Rule Set  tab.
3Do one of the following:
nIf the rule set contains at least one rule, click Add Rule  and select Add 
reference .
nIf the rule set is empty, click Add Rule . In the Create New Rule  window, 
select Common rule set reference , and click OK.
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  opens the Add Common Rule Set References 
wizard.
4On the Select Common Rule Sets  page, select the check boxes for each 
common rule set that you want to add to the assignment rule set, and click Next .
5On the Select Common Rule Set Versions  page, select the version of each of 
the common rule sets that you want to use in the assignment rule set, then click 
Next .
TIP To specify the latest version of the common rule set, you can select 
the version number of the latest version, or you can select Use latest . If 
you select Use latest , SAS Intelligent Decisioning  always uses the most 
recently created version regardless of the version number.
6(Optional) Add any global variables that are used by the common rule set to the 
assignment rule set. For instructions, see “Add Global Variables to a Rule Set” 
on page 19. 
7(Optional) On the Map Inputs  page, for each common rule set variable in the 
Input Variable  column, select the assignment rule set variable that you want to 
map it to in the Maps To column. If the assignment rule set contains variables 
with the same name and data type as the variables in the common rule set, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  automatically maps the common rule set variables to the 
assignment rule set variables.Defining New Rules in a Rule Set 27