You can change the automatic variable mappings in the Variable Mappings 
window.
To change variable mappings:
aClick Variables . The Variable Mappings  window appears.
bFor each input variable, select the table column to which the variable should 
be mapped. If the input table contains more than 25 columns, click More 
columns  to display additional column names. Alternatively, for Decimal, 
Integer, and Character variables, you can select Use value  for the table 
column, and specify a literal value in the Value  column. When you are 
entering literal values, remember these rules:
nDo not enclose character strings in quotation marks.
nTo specify a missing value for character variables, select Use value  and 
leave the Value  column empty. When SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
generates code, it generates an empty string (''
). For numeric values, 
enter a period (.).
Note: For content that will be published to a SAS Micro Analytic Service 
destination, the values of date and datetime input variables must be numeric. 
They cannot be formatted values such as 18jul2019
. Also, integer variables 
are converted to decimal variables when the content is published.
cClick OK to close the Variable Mappings  window.
8(Optional) Click Advanced  to display the advanced options.
9(Optional) Click  and select the library where you want to write the output of 
the test.
10(Optional) Enter a name for the test results output table if you do not want to use 
the default name. The default name is test-name_object-name_timestamp_output
.
11(Optional) Select the version of the code file that you want to test.
12(Optional) Select the variable that you want to serve as an input debug variable. 
You can specify an input-only variable or an input-output variable. 
For more information, see “Debugging Code File Tests” on page 190.
13(Optional) Select Preserve unmapped columns in the output table  if you want 
columns that are not mapped to an output variable to be written to the output 
table.
14Click Run to run the test. Alternatively, click Save  to save the test definition 
without running it.
The status of the test is indicated by the icon in the Status  column. For 
explanations of each icon, see “Status Icons for Tests” on page 194.
15Click  in the Results  column to view the results of the test. 
16In the test results window, click Test Results  in the navigation panel to display 
the URIs and other information for the test. Click Output , Code , or Log to 
display the output data set, the code that was generated by SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning , or the SAS log that was generated when the code was run.Testing Code Files 189