the right panel. Click  or  to to display list the errors or warnings. In the 
diagram, a red X identifies a decision node that produced an error and a yellow 
triangle identifies a node that produced a warning. Click View log  next to an 
error or warning in the list to jump to the line that generated that error on the Log 
subtab.
On the Output  page, click Show All  to display the expected and actual values of 
all output variables. Click Show Differences  to display only the variables whose 
expected values do not match the actual values that were returned by the test.
TIP You can click on the values of character variables to display the 
entire value in a separate window. For data grid variables, you can 
choose to view the variable value in three different formats:
nClick the Data Grid  tab to view the data grid value as a table.
nClick the Formatted  tab to view the data grid as a formatted JSON 
character string.
nClick the Plain  tab to view the data grid as an unformatted character 
string.
TIP On the Output  page, click Export  to export the output table as a 
comma-separated values (CSV) file. On the Log page, click  to 
download the log file.
15Click Close  to close test results and return to the Scoring tab.
16(Optional) Generate a variable change path report. Select the scenario test, click 
, and select Generate path report . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  generates the 
report, adds it as a comment attachment to the scoring test, and opens the 
Comments  property panel.
Click on the report file name to open the report. The result depends on which 
browser you are using and the browser’s default download actions. The browser 
might automatically download the file and display a notification in the bar at the 
bottom of the browser window. Alternatively, the browser might prompt you to 
save the file or open it with a specific application.
Note: If the decision is complicated or uses very large data grid variables, the 
report file might be very large, and you might encounter memory issues.
17(Optional) Generate a variable assignment report. Select the scenario test, click 
, and select Generate assignment report . SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
generates the report, adds it as a comment attachment to the scoring test, and 
opens the Comments  property panel.
Click on the report file name to open the report. The result depends on which 
browser you are using and the browser’s default download actions. The browser 
might automatically download the file and display a notification in the bar at the 
bottom of the browser window. Alternatively, the browser might prompt you to 
save the file or open it with a specific application.292 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions