When you check out a version, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  writes a working copy of 
the version into your My Folder
 folder and opens the working copy. SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  adds “(Checked Out)
” to the name that is displayed at the top of the 
window.
While you have a version checked out, the Rule Sets  category view shows two rule 
sets with the same name, but the folders listed in the Location  column differ for 
each rule set. The original version is in the location specified by the 
sas.businessrules.checkout.checkoutEnabledFolderPaths configuration option, and 
the checked-out copy is in your My Folder
 folder.
TIP If an object that you have checked out does not appear in the category 
view, click  to refresh the category view.
A Commit  button appears at the top of the Versions  tab for the checked-out 
version. When you are finished editing the checked-out version, you must commit 
your changes in order for other users to be able to see them. When you commit 
your changes, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a new version with your changes.
If the parent object is deleted before you commit your changes, you will not be able 
to commit your changes.
You cannot publish the checked-out version that is in My Folder
. To publish a 
version with your changes, you must commit your changes, and publish the 
committed version.
Checking Out a Rule Set from within a Decision
See “Checking Out and Committing Objects from within A Decision” on page 274 for 
information.
Checking Out and Committing a Common Rule Set 
from within an Assignment Rule Set
You can check out a common rule set from within an assignment rule set if the 
following conditions are true:
nThe assignment rule set is checked out.
nThe common rule set is stored in a folder for which the check-out feature is 
enabled.
nThe assignment rule set uses the latest version of the common rule set. ( See 
Add a Common Rule Set Reference to an Assignment Rule Set on page 27.)
When you check out the common rule set, the assignment rule set is modified to 
use the checked-out copy of the common rule set. If you make changes to the 
common rule set and save it, you can click  in the assignment rule set to display 
the changes in the rule set editor for the assignment rule set. When you commit the 
assignment rule set, all checked-out common rule sets that are used in the 
assignment rule set are also committed. The newly committed version of the 54Chapter 2 / Working with Rule Sets