Alternatively, you can check out a rule set that uses a lookup table, open the lookup 
table in the Lookup tables  category view and check it out, then change the 
reference in the rule set to use the checked-out version of the lookup table. The 
lookup table is committed when you commit the rule set.
The newly committed version of the lookup table is not automatically activated when 
they are committed. You must activate the newly committed version of the lookup 
table. For more instructions, see “Activate a Lookup Table” on page 137.
Concurrently Checking Out and Committing Rule 
Set Versions
The ability for multiple users to check out the same rule set at the same time is 
controlled by the sas.businessrules.checkout.allowConcurrentCheckout 
configuration option.  This option is turned on by default.
When this option is turned on, different users can check out the same version of the 
same object at the same time. Because the objects that are checked out are saved 
in each user’s My Folder
 location, the default permissions allow individual users to 
see only the copies that they have checked out.
When this option is turned off and a user has checked out an object, the Check Out 
button for that object is disabled for all other users.
If multiple users check out the same version of the same object at the same time, 
each user’s changes are preserved in a new version when they commit their 
changes. One user’s changes do not overwrite another user’s changes.
IMPORTANT If two users attempt to commit changes to the same object 
simultaneously, the first user's attempt will succeed but the second user 
might see an error message that the commit has failed. If the second user 
subsequently commits their changes, the Modified By  column on the 
Versions  tab for both the version committed by the first user and the version 
committed by the second user displays the user ID of the second user.
Check Out and Commit a Rule Set Version
1On the Versions  tab, click Check Out . 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  updates the Properties  tab to indicate that the 
version is checked out.
2Modify the checked-out version as needed, and save it.56Chapter 2 / Working with Rule Sets