4Select the version type: Minor  or Major . Version numbers follow the format 
major .minor . If you select Major , the number to the left of the period is 
incremented, and the minor number is reset to zero. If you select Minor , the 
number to the right of the period is incremented.
5(Optional) In the Version tags  field, enter any version tags that you want to 
associate with the new version. Press Enter after each tag. Tags are limited to 
100 characters each and cannot contain the following characters: $ ' " # & ? ( ) \ /
6(Optional) Enter information about the new version in the Notes  field.
7Click Commit . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a new version with your 
changes, and deletes the working copy from your My Folder
 folder. 
Determine Who Has a Version Checked Out
If the current version of an object is checked out, the IDs of the users that checked it 
out and the timestamps when each user checked it out appear in the Checked out 
by field on the Properties  tab for the original object. You can also display this 
information by clicking  beside the version number on the Versions  tab.
Opening the Original Object
When you check out an object, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  adds the field Original 
object link  to the Properties  tab for the checked-out object. This field contains a 
link to the original object that was checked out. You can use this link to verify that 
you have checked out the correct version and to compare the original content with 
the modified content in the checked-out version.
Undoing a Check Out
How you undo the checkout of an object depends on how the object was checked 
out.
If both an object and a decision that uses the object are checked out at the same 
time, or if you checked out the object from within the decision , click  on the 
object's node in the decision diagram, and select Cancel checkout .
You can discard a checked-out version and any changes that you made by deleting 
the working copy of the version from your My Folder
 folder if the following 
conditions are true:
nYou have not checked out a decision that uses the object.
nThe object was not checked out at the same time as a decision  that uses the 
object,  or the object was not checked out from within the decision  after the 
decision was checked out.Checking Out and Committing Code File Versions 185