Using Views Defined by SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  defines views that you can use to query the subject 
contacts records and treatment definitions. These views are created automatically 
when the subject contacts service and the decision-treatment service are started.
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  defines the following three views:
dcm_trt_fixed_attr_vw
contains fixed treatment attributes for treatments that are members of a 
treatment definition group. This view enables you to retrieve the list of fixed 
attributes for a specific version of a treatment group. Treatments can be used in 
multiple treatment groups, so the table might contain multiple records for the 
same attribute. This view includes the values that were assigned to the 
attributes. The attribute values for the same treatment version are the same, but 
the attribute values might differ between treatment versions.
dcm_trt_dynamic_attr_vw
contains dynamic treatment attributes for treatments that are members of a 
treatment definition group. This view enables you to retrieve the list of dynamic 
attributes for a specific version of a treatment group. Treatments can be used in 
multiple treatment groups, so the table might contain multiple records for the 
same attribute.
These attributes can be assigned either a static value in the treatment group, or 
they can be mapped to a decision variable and receive their value from the 
variable when the decision executes.
For attributes that are assigned a static value in a group, this view includes the 
values that were assigned to them. The values of these attributes might be 
different for each treatment group in which the treatment that defines the 
attribute appears.
For dynamic attributes that are mapped to a decision variable, the attribute 
values are not present in this view. To trace the values of these attributes, the 
decision variables must be tracked by the record contacts node. For more 
information, see “Adding Record Contacts Nodes” on page 233.
dcm_treatment_contacts_vw
contains detailed contact information for each treatment that was sent to a 
subject. This table enables you to determine which treatments were offered to a 
subject either for a specific response (identified by the response tracking code) 
or for the entire set of history records that are retained in the database. The 
number of treatments associated with a specific response tracking code or 
subject ID depends on how many treatments were returned by the decisions that 
created the contact records.
Note: To query both treatment definitions and subject contact records, you must 
join an attribute view with a treatment view. To join the views, both the subject 
contacts records and the treatment definitions must reside in the same database.Using Views Defined by SAS Intelligent Decisioning 315