nYou must specify the data types for the input and output variables for the 
EXECUTE function in your Python code on the Variables  tab of the decision. 
The DS2 package code uses this information to resolve the data types for the 
variables. These variables are specified in the signature of the DS2 EXECUTE 
method. If you add a Python code file to a decision and you have not specified 
the variables on the Variables  tab, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  might display the 
following message: Some objects in the decision define variables for which no corresponding decision variables have been created.
 For 
more information, see “About Decision Variables and Mapping” on page 247.
nThe Python EXECUTE function must return standard Python data types. For 
more information, see “Return Values ” in SAS Micro Analytic Service: 
Programming and Administration Guide .
nYou can import modules and define other functions and classes that are used by 
the Python EXECUTE function.
nTest your Python code by using a Python interpreter that is outside of SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  before you incorporate your code into a decision. 
IMPORTANT After you test your code outside of SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning , incorporate it into a decision and test the decision. In order to 
run a test for a decision that contains a Python code file, you or an 
administrator must configure support for Python. See “Configuring Support 
for Python Code Files” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Administrator’s Guide 
for more information.
For more information about using Python with DS2, see the following:
n“Python Support in SAS Micro Analytic Service” in SAS Micro Analytic Service: 
Programming and Administration Guide
n“Executing Python Modules in DS2 Modules” in SAS Micro Analytic Service: 
Programming and Administration Guide
TIP If you encounter errors that are unrelated to syntax or logic, check with 
your administrator to verify that Python is configured correctly. For additional 
information, see “Configuring Support for Python Code Files” in SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning: Administrator’s Guide .
Required Dependencies For Python Files in SAS 
Container Runtime Destinations
If you plan to publish a decision that includes a Python code file to a SAS Container 
Runtime destination, and if your Python file uses packages that are not built-in 
packages, list these packages in the DependentPackages:
 docstring. List all of the 
package names on a single line. Use the official package names. Separate the 
package names with commas. For example:'''DependentPackages: sklearn, requests, dateutil'''
158 Chapter 6 / Using Custom Code Files