Activating a Global Variable
What Does Activating a Global Variable Do?
Activating a global variable makes that variable available for use by published 
objects. Published objects can use only activated versions. By default, when you 
activate a global variable, the value of the global variable is included inline in code 
that is generated when you publish rule sets and decisions. However, this behavior 
is controlled by the inlineGlobalVariables configuration options  that your 
administrator can set.
If these configuration options are set to Off, then when you activate a global 
variable, the global variable is converted into executable code in the form of a SAS 
Cloud Analytic Services (CAS) format. If your site has a SAS Micro Analytic Service 
publishing destination, then a SAS Micro Analytic Service module is also created for 
the variable. The CAS format and SAS Micro Analytic Service module enable 
objects that are published to those destination types to use the most recently 
activated version of a global variable instead of using a static copy.
The active version of a global variable is the version that is used when you run basic 
tests, scenario tests, and publishing validation tests for a rule set or decision that 
uses the global variable.
Teradata, Hadoop, and container destinations do not support the format or module 
that is created when you activate a global variable. Objects that are published to 
these destinations always include a static version of each global variable.
Note: In multi-tenant environments, each tenant has its own global variables that 
are unique to that tenant.
You must activate a version of any global variable that is used in a rule set or in a 
decision. When you activate a version of a global variable, that version is locked and 
cannot be edited. Each global variable can have only one active version.
The active version of a global variable is used in the following ways:
nto generate a static copy of the variable when you publish an object if a static 
copy is needed, such as when you publish the object to Teradata, Hadoop, or 
container destinations. Static copies are always generated for these 
destinations.
nby published objects in CAS and SAS Micro Analytic Service destinations if the 
inlineGlobalVariableValues configuration properties are set to Off. See 
“Controlling Where Global Variables Are Activated and How They Are Used” on 
page 149 for more information.148 Chapter 5 / Managing Global Variables