Checking Out and Committing a Lookup Table from 
within a Rule Set
You can check out a lookup table from within a rule set if the following conditions are 
true:
nThe rule set is checked out.
nThe lookup table is stored in a folder for which the check-out feature is enabled.
nThe rule set does not have any unsaved changes. If the rule set contains any 
unsaved changes, the Check out lookup  option is disabled.
To check out or commit a lookup table from within a checked-out rule set, right-click 
on the LOOKUP or LOOKUPVALUE expression, and select Check out lookup  or 
Commit lookup . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  displays as asterisk in front of the 
name of any lookup table that is checked out.
When you check out a lookup table from within a rule set, the checked-out rule set is 
modified to use the checked-out copy of the lookup table, and SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  enables the Commit lookup  option in the menu. When you commit the 
rule set, all of the checked-out lookup tables that are used in the rule set are also 
committed.
The newly committed versions of the lookup tables are not automatically activated 
when they are committed. You must activate the newly committed versions of the 
lookup tables. For more instructions, see “Activate a Lookup Table” on page 137.
Rule sets that are not checked out always use the activated versions of lookup 
tables. If you do not activate the newly committed versions of the lookup tables, all 
rule sets that use the lookup tables will continue to use the previously activated 
versions of each table.
To cancel the check out of a lookup table, right-click on the LOOKUP or 
LOOKUPVALUE expression, and select Cancel check out .
Committing a Lookup Table Together with a Rule 
Set
If you check out a lookup table from within a rule set and then commit the rule set, 
the lookup table is also committed. For more information, see “Checking Out and 
Committing a Lookup Table from within a Rule Set” on page 130.
Alternatively, you can check out a rule set that uses a lookup table, open the lookup 
table in the Lookup tables  category view and check it out, then change the 
reference in the rule set to use the checked-out version of the lookup table. The 
lookup table is committed when you commit the rule set.
The newly committed version of the lookup table is not automatically activated when 
they are committed. You must activate the newly committed version of the lookup 
table. For more instructions, see “Activate a Lookup Table” on page 137.130 Chapter 4 / Working with Lookup Tables and Functions