4(Optional) Select the Output  check box if you want the value of the variable to 
be written to the output table that is generated when the rule set is run.
Note: If the rule set will be included in and run as part of a decision, it is 
recommended that you do not select the Output  check box for global variables 
in the rule set. Instead, select the Output  check box for the decision variable of 
the same name after you add the rule set to the decision. For more information, 
see “Using Global Variables” on page 141.
TIP In the Global Variables  category view, the Value  column displays the 
value of the latest version of the variable. The Activated Value  column 
displays the value of the currently active version. A check mark in the 
Deleted  column indicates that the variable has been deleted from the list of 
global variables.
Create a Custom Variable Dynamically
To create a variable in a rule set, you can enter the new variable name in any 
condition variable field and in the variable field of assignment statements. By 
default, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a variable of type Decimal. To create a 
variable of a different type, enter the variable name, a space, and then the data 
type. If you enter the name in a condition variable field, SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
creates the variable as an input-output variable. If you enter the name in an 
assignment statement, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates the variable as an output 
variable. For example, you can create an input-output variable of type Character 
that is named address  by entering it in the condition variable field:
You can create an output-only variable of type Boolean named approve  by entering 
it in an assignment statement, followed by a space and the data type:
Create Custom Variables on the Variables Tab
Note: For information about data grid variables, see “Defining Data Grid Variables” 
in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Using Data Grids .
To create custom variables on the Variables  tab:
1Click the Rule Set Variables  subtab.20Chapter 2 / Working with Rule Sets