Using SAS Workflow with SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning
About the SID Asset Approval Workflow
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  provides a predefined approval workflow for decisions. 
This workflow is named SID Asset Approval. Your administrator can enable this 
workflow for decisions in SAS Intelligent Decisioning  by turning on the 
sas.decisions.workflow.enabled  configuration property. For more information, see 
“Enable the Asset Approval Workflow” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: 
Administrator’s Guide .
When the workflow is enabled, a new instance of the workflow is started each time a 
new decision or a new version of an existing decision is created in SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning . A workflow is associated with a specific version of a decision. Each 
decision version that is actively being worked on has its own workflow instance.
Decisions that already existed before the workflow was enabled are not 
automatically put into the workflow. To put these decisions into the workflow, you 
must create a new version of the decision.
As the users who are responsible for developing, testing, reviewing, approving, and 
deploying a particular version of a decision each finish their tasks, they set the 
status of the workflow to the appropriate value. To set workflow status values, you 
must be included in the appropriate SAS Intelligent Decisioning  workflow 
permissions group. See “User Roles in the Workflow” on page 216 for more 
information.
IMPORTANT Do not modify the SID Asset Approval workflow. Updates to 
your system will overwrite any customized changes to the workflow.
User Roles in the Workflow
Users that participate in the SID Asset Approval workflow can have up to four 
different roles:
Author
creates, develops, and tests the decision in SAS Intelligent Decisioning . When 
the workflow is enabled, and the author creates a new decision or a new version 
of an existing decision, the decision status is automatically set to Developing. 
When the author is ready for the new decision version to be reviewed, the author 
sets the status to Review-ready. Before the author sets the status to Review-216 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions