Destination TypeWhat SAS Intelligent Decisioning  Does GitCreates a directory in the remote Git repository with the 
same name as the published object and writes the 
generated code to a file named scoreResource.txt
.Container destinationsCreates a SAS Container Runtime  container and writes it to 
the destination.
Note: The container destination types to which you can 
publish content from SAS Intelligent Decisioning  are 
Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, Google 
Cloud Platform (GCP), and private Docker repositories.
The rows in the model tables, the Micro Analytic Service modules, and the SAS 
Container Runtime containers all become callable REST API endpoints, 
independent of SAS Intelligent Decisioning . For content that is published to Git 
destinations, you can use the SAS Intelligent Decisioning  Git Deployment CLI to 
deploy content from the remote repository either to a CAS destination or to a SAS 
Micro Analytic Service destination.  The deployed content then becomes a callable 
REST API endpoint.
Publish Rule Sets
1Open the rule set, and click the Versions  tab.
By default, the version that is published when you click Publish  is the displayed 
version.
2(Optional) Click the version number  to change the displayed version to the 
version that you want to publish.
3(Optional) Enter any tags that you want to associate with the published object. 
Press Enter after each tag.
4Either click Publish  or select Publish and Lock . 
nTo publish the selected version without also creating a new minor version, 
click Publish . 
nTo lock and publish the selected version and create a new minor version at 
the same time, click , and select Publish and Lock . 
The Publish Rule Sets  window appears.
5Select the destination to which you want to publish. The publishing destinations 
that are available to you depend on what is configured at your site. See SAS 
Viya Platform: Publishing Destinations  for more information.
Note: You cannot publish filtering rule sets to SAS Micro Analytic Service 
destinations, to Git destinations, or to container destinations. Also, you cannot 
publish rule sets that use SAS Data Quality functions to SAS Micro Analytic 
Service destinations, and rule sets that use these functions will fail if they are run 
inside the database.60Chapter 2 / Working with Rule Sets