Note: You can read data from native SQL date and datetime variables. 
However, do not rely on the accuracy of data that contains fractional seconds.
nDo not use an asterisk (*
) to select database columns. SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  does not have any metadata about the table, so it cannot determine 
what columns are in the table.
nWhen you create a new data query file, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  adds the 
comment /* include sqlReturnInfo */
 to the file. This comment enables 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  to define metadata for the query’s variables. Do not 
delete this line if you want SAS Intelligent Decisioning  to create all of the 
metadata. For more information, see “Decision Variables for Data Query Files” 
on page 161.
nWhen you create data query files in SAS Studio, you must specify the PROC 
FEDSQL  output option on the Output Options  tab in SAS Studio. For more 
information, see “Generating a FedSQL Query” in SAS Studio: User’s Guide .
For additional information about developing SQL code, see the following topics:
nFor information about the data sources that are supported by SAS Micro Analytic 
Service, see “Data Sources Supported for Use with SAS Micro Analytic Service” 
in SAS Micro Analytic Service: Programming and Administration Guide .
nFor syntax information about SQL statements, see “FedSQL Statements” in SAS 
FedSQL Language Reference .
nFor the list of reserved words in FedSQL, see “FedSQL Reserved Words” in 
SAS Viya Platform: FedSQL Programming for SAS Cloud Analytic Services .
nFor information about the functions that are supported in SQL code, see 
“FedSQL Functions” in SAS FedSQL Language Reference .
nFor information about using SAS Studio to create queries, see “Creating a 
Stand-Alone Query” in SAS Studio: User’s Guide  and “Using Macro Variables in 
SAS Studio” on page 162.
Decision Variables for Data Query Files
When you create a data query file, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  automatically adds 
the comment /* include sqlReturnInfo */
. When this comment is present and 
you add the data query file to a decision, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  defines the 
metadata for decision variables for the return code, row count, and query output. If 
this comment is not present, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  defines metadata for only 
the query output. You can use the Add missing variables  option to add these 
variables to the decision and map these decision variables to the query’s variables. 
You can set the Create variables automatically in decisions  setting to 
automatically add these variables to the decision. For more information, see “About 
Decision Variables and Mapping” on page 247.
The variables are mapped as shown in Table 6.1 . When the decision is run, the 
variables are created only if the query selects data.Data Query Files 161