PropertyDescriptionThe maximum length for character variables (outside of a data grid) 
and data grid variables is 10485760 characters. The maximum length 
for character variables within a data grid is 32767 characters.Initial valueYou can specify an initial value for all data types except data grids. 
Initial values are used only when you test a code file in SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning .
Note: For content that will be published to a SAS Micro Analytic 
Service destination, the values of date and datetime input variables 
must be numeric. They cannot be formatted values such as 18jul2019
. Also, integer variables are converted to decimal variables 
when the content is published.DescriptionDescriptions are limited to 256 characters.
Input Variables and Output Variables
For each variable in an SQL query, a DS2 method signature, or a Python function 
signature, you must specify whether the variable is an input variable, an output 
variable, or, in the case of DS2 files, both an input variable and an output variable.
nInput variables are variables that are present in the input table for a decision. 
When a decision that uses a code file is deployed in a production system, all 
input variables must be mapped to table columns in input data. When you test a 
code file in SAS Intelligent Decisioning , for each input variable, you can either 
map it to a table column or specify a constant as its input value. If you choose 
not to map a variable to either a table column or a static value, SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  displays a warning message. When you create or edit a variable, 
clear the Input  check box for any variable that you do not want to be mapped to 
a column in an input table or for which you do not want to specify a value.
nOutput variables are variables that are written to the output table that is created 
when a decision that uses a code file is run. When you create or edit a variable, 
clear the Output  check box for any variable that you want to exclude from the 
output data. 
When you create a new variable, it is created as an output-only variable by default.
Syncing Variables and Code
To propagate changes that you enter on the Variables  tab to the code that is shown 
on the Code  tab, click Sync to Code  on the Variables  tab. For Python code files, 
changes to input variables are propagated to the signature of the EXECUTE 
function, and changes to output variables are propagated both to the docString and 
to the RETURN statement. For DS2 files, changes to input-only, output-only, and 
input-and-output variables are propagated to the signature of the EXECUTE 170 Chapter 6 / Using Custom Code Files