Note: For content that will be published to a SAS Micro Analytic Service 
destination, the values of date and datetime input variables must be numeric. 
They cannot be formatted values such as 18jul2019
. Also, integer variables 
are converted to decimal variables when the content is published.
cClick OK to close the Variable Mappings  window.
8(Optional) Click Advanced  to display the advanced options.
9(Optional) Click  and select the library where you want to write the output of 
the test.
10(Optional) Enter a name for the test results output table if you do not want to use 
the default name. The default name is test-name_object-name_timestamp_output
.
11(Optional) Select the version of the rule set that you want to test.
12(Optional) Select the variable that you want to serve as an input debug variable. 
You can specify an input-only variable or an input-output variable. The rule set 
writes the name and value of this variable to the log for each input record that is 
processed. It writes the value just before the logic of the rule set is executed for 
the input record. 
For more information, see “Debugging Rule Set Tests” on page 66.
13(Optional) Select Preserve unmapped columns in the output table  if you want 
columns that are not mapped to an output variable to be written to the output 
table.
14(Optional) If you are testing a filtering rule set, select Keep filtered records in 
output table  to include records in the test output that would normally be 
excluded. When you select this option, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a 
new column in the output table named _filter_. If the value in this column is 0, 
then the record does not match any of the conditions in the rule set, and the 
record is filtered out of the output when the rule set is run in a production 
environment. If the value in this column is 1, then the record matches at least 
one condition in the rule set, and the record is included in the output.
Note: This option is ignored for assignment rule sets.
15Click Run to run the test. Alternatively, click Save  to save the test definition 
without running it.
The status of the test is indicated by the icon in the Status  column. For 
explanations of each icon, see “Status Icons for Tests” on page 76.
16Click  in the Results  column to view the results of the test. 
17In the test results window, click Test Results  in the navigation panel to display 
the URIs and other information for the test. Click Output , Code , or Log to 
display the output data set, the code that was generated by SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning , or the SAS log that was generated when the code was run.Testing Rule Sets 65