6Click Paste Version , and then click Yes.
Note: When you copy the contents of a source object into a target object, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  creates a relationship between the two objects. If the source 
object is modified after you copy its contents, and you later copy the contents of the 
target object back into the source object, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  displays a 
warning message. Verify that you want to replace the current contents of the source 
object before you paste the new content.
Delete a Version
IMPORTANT When you delete a specific version, that version is deleted 
permanently. It is not moved into the recycle bin, and it cannot be restored.
Note:  In order to be able to delete a specific version of an object, you must have 
permission to delete the object itself. Also, the configuration option 
sas.treatmentdefinitions.deleteVersions must be turned on.
On the Versions  tab, select the version that you want to delete, click , and select 
Delete .
You cannot delete the current version.
Determine Which Objects Use a 
Treatment or Treatment Group
To list the objects that use a specific treatment or treatment group:
1On the Treatments  or Treatment groups  category page, select the check box 
for the treatment or treatment group, click , and select View used by report . 
The All Objects that Use the Selected Item  window appears. This window lists all 
objects that use any version of the selected treatment or treatment group.
2(Optional) Select a specific version of the treatment or treatment group. SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  narrows the list to include only the objects that use the 
selected version of the treatment or treatment group.
Note: The View used by report  option is also available from within an open 
treatment or treatment group.
In the report, you can use the Filter  field to filter the list of objects based on the 
object names. Click on an object name to open the object. Click  next to an object 106 Chapter 3 / Working with Treatments and Treatment Groups