9(Optional) Select Add ð ELSE rule  to add an ELSE clause to the currently 
selected rule. The ELSE clause does not have a condition, but you can add one 
by selecting Add ð Condition .
10(Optional) Define the condition and action expressions for the ELSE clause.
11(Optional) Change the order of the rules. Rules are evaluated sequentially. To 
move a rule up or down within a rule set, select the rule and click  or .
12(Optional) Change the name of the rule. Rule names are limited to 100 
characters and must be unique within a rule set. For instructions, see “Rename a 
Rule” on page 42.
TIP Assigning logical names to the rules makes it easier to determine 
which rules fired when you review rule-fired data.
13(Optional) Clear the Record rule-fired data  check box if you do not want a rule-
fired record to be written each time this rule fires. See “How Rules Are Evaluated 
and When Rule-Fired Records Are Generated” on page 32 for more 
information.
14Click  to save the rule set. SAS Intelligent Decisioning  validates the syntax of 
the expressions. If it does not detect any problems, it saves the rule set. 
Adding a Common Rule Set Reference to an 
Assignment Rule Set
About Rule Set Variables and Mapping
Common rule sets and assignment rule sets each define their own variables. When 
you add a common rule set to an assignment rule set, you must map the variables 
that are defined in the common rule set to variables that are used in the assignment 
rule set. By default, if the assignment rule set defines variables of the same name 
and data type as the variables in the common rule set, then SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  automatically maps the common rule set variables to the assignment 
rule set variables. If variables of the same name and data type do not exist in the 
assignment rule set, you must do one of the following:
ncreate variables in the assignment rule set that have the same name and data 
type as the variables in the common rule set. You can use the Add missing 
variables  option to create these assignment rule set variables and automatically 
map the variables. This option is available in both the Add Common Rule Set 
References wizard  and in the Edit Common Rule Set Reference window .
nmanually map the common rule set variables to assignment rule set variables 
that have different names. If the assignment rule set variables do not already 
exist when you add the common rule set reference in the wizard, you can edit 
the properties of the reference and map the variables in the Edit Common Rule 
Set Reference window .26Chapter 2 / Working with Rule Sets