Enterprise Decision Management 
Systems
Enterprise decision management systems can transform how businesses make 
decisions. They enable businesses to use the information they already have to 
make better decisions—decisions that are based on predictive analytics rather than 
on past history. Decision management systems automate the process of making 
decisions, particularly day-to-day operational decisions. They improve the speed, 
efficiency, and accuracy of routine business processes, in part by reducing the need 
for human intervention. Automating decisions with SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
provides a streamlined mechanism for controlling and monitoring the rules and 
processes used by your organization. By automating decisions, organizations in 
every industry can improve interactions with customers, partners, suppliers, and 
employees. In addition, organizations that are highly regulated, such as financial 
services, health care, and insurance, can more easily achieve compliance as a 
result of repeatable, traceable decisions. Explicitly defining a decision makes your 
organization’s decision-making process transparent, and enables you to monitor the 
process for accuracy.
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  helps organizations leverage data, author and manage 
business rules, and integrate analytical models with other business logic. It enables 
them to create and optimize efficient business decisions within a single interface 
that gives users a consistent experience.
About Business Rules
Business rules capture the logic of business decisions and are a core component of 
decision management systems. Business rules enable you to codify the decision-
making process used by your organization. Business rules make the decision-
making process transparent and adaptable, enabling organizations to respond 
quickly to new information about customers and markets. They enable organizations 
to identify and deal with fraud, avoid unnecessary risk, and find opportunities hidden 
in customer data.
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  Features
You can use SAS Intelligent Decisioning  to create a database of business rules, 
combine those rules together into decisions, and publish the decisions for use by 
other applications. SAS Intelligent Decisioning  provides the following capabilities:2Chapter 1 / Introduction to SAS Intelligent Decisioning