Edit the Properties of a Common Rule Set 
Reference
1Open the assignment rule set, click  for the reference that you want to edit, 
and select Edit reference . The Edit Common Rule Set Reference  window 
appears.
2(Optional) On the Common rule set  tab, select a different common rule set or 
change the version of the common rule set.
3(Optional) On the Map Inputs  tab, change the variable mappings for the input 
variables in the common rule set. For more information, see Step 7  of “Add a 
Common Rule Set Reference to an Assignment Rule Set” .
4(Optional) On the Map Outputs  tab, change the variable mappings for the output 
variables in the common rule set. For more information, see Step 9  of “Add a 
Common Rule Set Reference to an Assignment Rule Set” .
5Click OK to close the Edit Common Rule Set References  window and return to 
the assignment rule set.
6Click  to save your changes to the assignment rule set.
Add a New Rule in a Filtering Rule Set
Note: When SAS Intelligent Decisioning  generates code for a filtering rule set, it 
joins the rules together with the OR operand.
1Create or open the filtering rule set. If no variables are defined in the rule set, 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  displays the Variables  tab. Otherwise, it displays the 
Rule Set  tab.
TIP If you do not have permission to update an object, SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning displays (Read-Only)
 in the title bar next to the object name, 
and the buttons for modifying and saving the object are disabled.
2Import or create any variables that are required for the new rule that have not 
already been added to the rule set. You can add or create the variables on the 
Variables  tab, or you can define variables dynamically as you author the rule. 
See “Managing the Variables in a Rule Set” on page 16 for more information.
3Click the Rule Set  tab.
4Click Add Rule  if the rule set is empty or, if the rule set contains at least one 
statement, select Add ð Add rule  or Add Rule . SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
adds a new IF rule to the end of the rule set. Defining New Rules in a Rule Set 29