You can use custom SQL code for your data query instead of using a quick filter. 
However, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  cannot determine the variable’s data type 
when it is creating the decision variable. SAS Intelligent Decisioning  assumes that 
the variable is a numeric unless its name ends with char
 or string
. The char
 and string
 suffixes are not case sensitive.
For more information, see “Filtering Data” in SAS Studio: User’s Guide  and “Macro 
Variables Defined by Users” in SAS Macro Language: Reference .
Handling Table and Column Names in Data Query 
Files
FedSQL performs case folding to make all table and column names uppercase if 
they are not enclosed in quotation marks. This case folding might cause issues with 
databases that perform case folding on unquoted references to make them 
lowercase. To avoid issues with running your query code in both SAS Studio and in 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning , do the following
nIn SAS Studio, if you refer to a table column by using a table alias in a JOIN, 
WHERE, or HAVING clause, do not enclose the table alias in quotation marks. 
Alternatively, you can refer to the column by using only the column name or by 
using the full table name instead of the alias.
nWhen you define a libref in SAS Studio to connect to your PostgreSQL 
database, set the PRESERVE_COL_NAMES and PERSERVE_TAB_NAMES 
options on the LIBNAME statement to Yes. For additional information, see 
“PRESERVE_COL_NAMES= LIBNAME Statement Option” in SAS/ACCESS  for 
Relational Databases: Reference  and “PRESERVE_TAB_NAMES= LIBNAME 
Statement Option” in SAS/ACCESS  for Relational Databases: Reference .
nSet the SAS Intelligent Decisioning  configuration option 
quoteStudioQueryIdentifiers to On. For additional information, see 
“sas.decisions.codefiles.quoteStudioQueryIdentifiers” in SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning: Administrator’s Guide .
Custom Context Files
Using Custom Context Files
A custom context file is a custom DS2 package file in which you can define context 
functions that you can use in rule sets, in DS2 code files, and in custom functions 
that are defined in the Custom Functions  category. When SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  generates the code for a decision, each context function is defined only 
once in the generated code.
You can test or validate rule sets, DS2 code files, and custom functions that use 
context functions before you publish them. In a production environment, you can Custom Context Files 163