5(Optional) Select the information that you want to export, and click Export . If you 
want the PDF file to display only the differences between the two objects, select 
Show differences . To display all of the objects’ information, select Show all .
The result depends on which browser you are using and the browser’s default 
download actions. The browser might automatically download the file and display 
a notification in the bar at the bottom of the browser window. Alternatively, the 
browser might prompt you to save the file or open it with a specific application.
Compare Treatment Group Code
You can compare the generated code of two different treatment groups, or you can 
compare the generated code of two different versions of the same treatment group.
1Select the objects that you want to compare.
nTo compare the generated code of two different treatment groups, select the 
groups in the category view, click , and select Compare code .
nTo compare the generated code of two versions of the same treatment group, 
open the treatment group, click  on the Versions  tab, and select Compare 
code .
The Select Versions  window appears.
2Select the versions that you want to compare, and click Compare . SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  opens the two objects side-by-side in the Compare Code 
window and highlights the differences.
3(Optional) Click Export  to export the results of the comparison to a PDF file. The 
result depends on which browser you are using and the browser’s default 
download actions. The browser might automatically download the file and display 
a notification in the bar at the bottom of the browser window. Alternatively, the 
browser might prompt you to save the file or open it with a specific application.
Generate PDF Documentation for a 
Treatment Group
You can generate detailed documentation for a treatment group as a PDF 
document. The PDF includes the treatment group properties, and details about each 
treatment that is included in the group. Treatment details include treatment 
properties, the name of the eligibility rule set, and details about each of the 
treatment’s attributes.
1Open the treatment group.
2Click , and select Create document . The Create Document  window appears.Generate PDF Documentation for a Treatment Group 101