Note: See “About Decision Variables and Mapping” on page 247 for information 
about when variables are created and how they are mapped.
You can include as many treatment groups in a decision as necessary. You can 
merge multiple output data grids into a single data grid if needed.
For more information, see the following topics:
n“About Attributes, Eligibility Rules, and Effective Dates” on page 88
n“About Channels” on page 90
nSAS Intelligent Decisioning: Using Data Grids
3The model AggregatePromoPrediction and the rule set ArbitrationRules arbitrate 
the treatments. For example, the subject might qualify for several treatments, but 
you might want to offer them only the two treatments that they are most likely to 
accept. You might also want to return only the treatments that are appropriate for 
the channel.
nThe model calculates a probability for each treatment (each row in the data 
grid) that indicates how likely the subject is to respond to the treatment.
nThe rule set uses the DATAGRID_TOPN function to sort the treatment data 
grid based on the values of the probability column. The function returns the 
top two treatments to which the subject is most likely to respond. See 
“DATAGRID_TOPN Function” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Using Data 
Grids  for more information.
You can use rule sets, scoring models, attribute values, or other methods to 
arbitrate treatments. For more information, see “Arbitrating Treatments” on page 
89.
4The record contacts node records information that you want to track, such as the 
treatments that are returned to the calling application and whether the record is 
used in generating aggregate reports for the channel. You can also specify 
variable values to track.
In real-time destinations (SAS Micro Analytic Service destinations), this node 
writes a record to the subject contact history. In all other destinations (SAS Cloud 
Analytic Services [CAS], Teradata, and Apache Hadoop), this node creates an 
output variable that contains the information that you specify that you want to 
track.
Record contacts nodes also create a response tracking code that the calling 
application can use to add additional information to the subject contact history.
TIP You can use record contacts nodes to track variable values even if 
you are not using treatments.
For more information, see the following topics:
n“Adding Record Contacts Nodes” on page 233
nSubject Contacts REST APIExample: A Decision That Includes a Treatment Group 87