3On the Choose Strategy: Step 1  page of the wizard, enter up to two tags that 
are associated with object versions that you want to use to create the new 
decision version. Press Enter after each tag. 
4(Optional) If you want to select specific versions of each object to use in the new 
decision version, select Let me choose the version of each object . 
5(Optional) If you do not want to automatically map the object’s variable to the 
decision’s variables, deselect Automatically map the object’s variable to the 
decision’s variables .
If you select this option, new object variables are mapped to decision variables 
only if decision variables of the same name and type already exist. If a decision 
variable does not already exist, you must manually map the object variable to a 
decision variable. For additional information, see “Mapping Variables within a 
Decision” on page 247.
6Click Next .
The node objects that have versions that are tagged with a tag that you specified 
are listed on the Review and Confirm: Step 2  page of the wizard.
Note: Common rule sets are not listed in the wizard. To create a new version of 
a common rule set, open the rule set and select New Version  on the Versions 
tab.
7(Optional) Select any node that you want to remove from the update process. 
Click , and then confirm the deletion. For any node that you remove from the 
update process, the existing node is used in the new decision version.
TIP You can filter the list of nodes by using the Search  field or by 
clicking  to filter by more specific criteria in the Filter Nodes  window.
8(Optional) If you selected Let me choose the version of each object  in Step 4 
and any node object has multiple versions that are tagged with the same tag, 
select the version of those objects that you want to use in the new decision 
version. To use the latest version of all of the objects, click Use latest version .
9Click Next .
10On the Create Version: Step 3  page of the wizard, do the following: 
aSelect the version type: Minor  or Major . Version numbers follow the format 
major .minor . If you select Major , the number to the left of the period 
increments. If you select Minor , the number to the right of the period 
increments.
b(Optional) Enter any version tags and notes for the new version of the 
decision.
11Click Create .
The new version of the decision is listed on the Versions  tab for the decision.Managing Versions of Decisions 265