Input Variables, Output Variables, and 
Temporary Variables
For each variable, you must specify whether the variable is an input variable, an 
output variable, both an input variable and an output variable, or a temporary 
variable.
nInput variables are variables that are present in the input table for a decision. 
When a decision is deployed in a production system, all input variables must be 
mapped to table columns in input data. When you test a decision in SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning , for each input variable, you can either map it to a table 
column or specify a constant as its input value. If you choose not to map a 
variable to either a table column or a static value, SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
displays a warning message. When you create or edit a variable, clear the Input 
check box for any variable that you do not want to be mapped to a column in an 
input table or for which you do not want to specify a value.
nOutput variables are variables that are written to the output table that is created 
when a decision is run. When you create or edit a variable, clear the Output 
check box for any variable that you want to exclude from the output data. 
nTemporary variables are variables that are not present in the input data, and they 
are not written to the output table. To create a temporary variable for use only 
while a decision is executing, clear both the Input  and Output  check boxes.
When you create a new variable, it is created as an input-output variable by default.
Note: Binary variables are supported in decisions only as input variables or 
temporary variables in order to support models that require binary data.
Add Variables from a Data Table
1On the Variables  tab, click the Decision Variables  subtab.
2Click Add variable  and select Data table . The Choose Data  window appears, 
and the list of SAS Cloud Analytic Services (CAS) tables that are loaded into 
memory is displayed on the Available  tab. 
If the table that you need does not appear in the list of available tables, try the 
following solutions:
nIf the table appears on the Data Sources  tab, right-click on the table, and 
select Load  to load the table into memory. If the table does not appear on the 
Available  tab, click .
nIf the table does not appear on the Data Sources  tab, import the data. The 
process of importing the data loads it into memory. For information about 
importing data from different sources, see “Making Data Available to CAS” in 
SAS Data Explorer: User’s Guide .224 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions