When you check out a version, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  writes a working copy of 
the version into your My Folder
 folder and opens the working copy. SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  adds “(Checked Out)
” to the name that is displayed at the top of the 
window.
While you have a version checked out, the Treatments  or Treatment Group  category 
view shows two treatments or treatment groups with the same name, but the folders 
listed in the Location  column differ for each object. The original version is in the 
location specified by the 
sas.treatmentdefinitions.checkout.checkoutEnabledFolderPaths configuration 
option, and the checked-out copy is in your My Folder
 folder.
TIP If an object that you have checked out does not appear in the category 
view, click  to refresh the category view.
Note: When a decision that uses a treatment group is deployed to a production 
environment, the decision always uses the active version of a treatment group. 
When you edit a decision that uses a treatment group that you have checked out, 
the properties panel for the treatment group shows the location of the treatment 
group in the original folder. The panel does not list the location of the treatment 
group that is checked out because that copy is not the active version.
A Commit  button appears at the top of the Versions  tab for the checked-out 
version. When you are finished editing the checked-out version, you must commit 
your changes in order for other users to be able to see them. When you commit 
your changes, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a new version with your changes.
If the parent object is deleted before you commit your changes, you will not be able 
to commit your changes.
You cannot activate the checked-out version that is in My Folder
. To activate a 
version with your changes, you must commit your changes, and activate the 
committed version.
Checking Out a Treatment Group from within a 
Decision
See “Checking Out and Committing Objects from within A Decision” on page 274 for 
information.
Checking Out and Committing Treatments from 
within a Treatment Group
You can check out a treatment from within a treatment group if the following 
conditions are true:
nThe treatment group is checked out.108 Chapter 3 / Working with Treatments and Treatment Groups