business rule authoring
A business rule specifies conditions to be evaluated and action to be taken if 
those conditions are satisfied. For example, you can create a rule that 
determines whether a particular customer has a mortgage. That same rule can 
then add the outstanding balance of the mortgage to a running total of the 
customer’s debt. With SAS Intelligent Decisioning , you define the conditions and 
actions for each rule.
rule set management and publishing
A rule set is a logical collection of rules. A single rule set can have many rules, 
but it generally corresponds to a single step in a decision. For example, you can 
have a rule set that determines a customer’s asset balance and another rule set 
that determines a customer’s debt level. You can use SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
to easily create new rule sets, reorder the rules in a rule set, add new rules to 
existing rule sets, and so on. When a rule set is published, the versioning 
features of SAS Intelligent Decisioning  create a static version of the rule set. This 
static version helps you enforce integrity and governance over the rules that are 
put into production.
treatment authoring and management
A treatment is an offer that can be sent to a customer as part of an inbound 
marketing campaign. For example, when a customer visits your company’s 
website, a customer service application can capture information about the 
customer. The application can invoke a decision that includes a set of treatments 
and pass the customer’s information to the decision. The decision determines 
which of the treatments (offers) are suitable to present to that customer at that 
time. With SAS Intelligent Decisioning , you can author treatments, combine them 
into treatment groups, and add the groups to decisions.
lookup table authoring and management
Lookup tables are tables of key-value pairs. You can use lookup tables for tasks 
such as retrieving a part name based on a part number or retrieving a location 
name based on a ZIP code. SAS Intelligent Decisioning  provides two predefined 
lookup tables for use with treatments: one for treatment channels and one for 
subject levels.
code file authoring and management
You can define custom code files to do things that are not possible in rules, 
models, or treatments. For example, you can define a code file that makes HTTP 
calls to REST APIs, interacts with a database, manipulates files in the file 
system, or performs custom data transformations. In SAS Intelligent Decisioning , 
you can easily create, edit, and manage custom data query files, DS2 files, and 
Python files. You can create and edit data query files by using the SQL editor or 
by launching SAS Studio.
global variable authoring and management
You can use global variables to define common variables for use in multiple rule 
sets, models, and decisions. For example, you might want to define global 
variables for benchmark interest rates, current exchange rates, or inventory 
levels for specific products. By using global variables, you can set these values 
in one place and refer to the variables in multiple objects.
custom function authoring and management
You can use custom functions to perform actions that are not available with the 
standard functions that SAS provides. Custom functions also enable you to 
encapsulate and reuse business logic. You can use custom function in rule sets 
and in DS2 code files.SAS Intelligent Decisioning Features 3