10Enter the values that you want to use for each input variable. You do not have to 
enter values for every input variable. At run time, SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
uses missing values to input variables for which you do not specify a value. 
Note: Values longer than 32767 characters for character variables that are 
either input-only or input-output will be truncated. You cannot enter input values 
for variables of type binary or of type varying-length binary.
To enter values for the columns in a data grid variable:
aClick in the Value  field, and then click . The Edit Data Grid  window 
appears.
bClick  to add the row, and then enter the values for each column.
Repeat this step for each row of values that you want to add to the data grid.
TIP By default, data grid column names appear across the top of the 
data grid view, and row numbers appear down the left side. You can 
click  to change the view of the data grid so that row numbers 
appear across the top and data grid column names appear down the 
left side.
cClick OK to save the data grid values and close the Edit Data Grid  window.
11(Optional) For each output variable, select the Include  check box and enter the 
expected output value. The Include  check box controls whether a variable’s 
expected value is used to determine the status of a scenario test. If you select 
Include  for a variable and the test does not return the expected value, the test 
status is set to Completed with warnings ( ). If you do not select the check box, 
the application ignores the expected value of that variable when it determines 
the status of the test.
To enter expected values for the columns in a data grid variable, click in the 
Expected Output  field, and follow the instructions in Step 10 .
Note: A scenario test cannot verify issues with trailing spaces. For example, it 
cannot distinguish between a string that contains a single space ' '
 and a string 
that contains three spaces ' '
.
12Click Run to run the test. Alternatively, click Save  to save the test definition 
without running it.
The status of the test is indicated by the icon in the Status  column. For 
explanations of each icon, see “Status Icons for Tests” on page 306.
13Click  in the Results  column to view the results of the test. 
14On the Test Results  page, click Test Results  in the navigation panel to display 
the URIs and other information for the test. Click Input  to display the values of 
input variables and dynamic attributes. Click Output , Code , or Log to display 
the output data set, the code that was generated by SAS Intelligent Decisioning , 
or the SAS log that was generated when the code was run.
The Log tab contains two subtabs, Diagram  and Log. The Diagram  subtab 
displays a decision diagram in the left panel and the list of errors or warnings in Testing Decisions 291