edit it in the SAS Intelligent Decisioning  user interface. However, custom 
code files are stored in the Files service. The files service grants the file 
creator full access to the file. The file creator can use the REST API to edit 
the file without checking it out. The file creator can do this even when the file 
is in a folder for which the check-out feature is enabled (including the Decision Repository
 folder). In order to prevent the file from being edited 
without being checked out, the user ID of the file creator must be different 
from any user ID that is used to edit the file. For example, an administrator 
can create an empty code file that other users can then edit if they check it 
out.
If a version can be or must be checked out before it is modified, the Check Out 
button appears at the top of the Versions  tab for that object. You can check out any 
version of an object. You can check out only one copy of a version at a time.
TIP If the sas.decisions.checkout.allowConcurrentCheckout option is turned 
off, and a user has checked out a code file version, the Check Out  button for 
that code file is disabled for all other users. For more information, see 
“Concurrently Checking Out and Committing Code File Versions” on page 
184.
When you check out a version, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  writes a working copy of 
the version into your My Folder
 folder and opens the working copy. SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  adds “(Checked Out)
” to the name that is displayed at the top of the 
window.
While you have a version checked out, the Code Files  category view shows two 
code files with the same name, but the folders listed in the Location  column differ 
for each file. The original version is in the location specified by the 
sas.decisions.checkout.checkoutEnabledFolderPaths configuration option, and the 
checked-out copy is in your My Folder
 folder.
TIP If an object that you have checked out does not appear in the category 
view, click  to refresh the category view.
A Commit  button appears at the top of the Versions  tab for the checked-out 
version. When you are finished editing the checked-out version, you must commit 
your changes in order for other users to be able to see them. When you commit 
your changes, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a new version with your changes.
If the parent object is deleted before you commit your changes, you will not be able 
to commit your changes.
Checking Out a Code File from within a Decision
See “Checking Out and Committing Objects from within A Decision” on page 274 for 
information.Checking Out and Committing Code File Versions 183