The Choose a SAS Micro Analytic Module  window appears.
2Click , and select the decision whose module you want to call.
3Click Browse . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  displays the list of published modules 
for the selected decision.
4Select the module that you want to use, and then click OK.
For more information about MASCall packages, see “Performing Calls between SAS 
Micro Analytic Service Modules” in SAS Micro Analytic Service: Programming and 
Administration Guide .
Mapping Variables within a Decision
About Decision Variables and Mapping
The objects that you add to a decision, such as models, treatment groups, and other 
decisions, each define their own variables. Each decision that includes an object 
must define decision variables to which you can map the object’s variables.
By default, if a decision does not already have a variable of the same name and 
data type as an object's variable, then when you add the object to a decision, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  displays the following message: Some objects in the decision define variables for which no corresponding decision variables have been created.
 You can use the Add missing variables  option to 
add the missing decision variables, or you can turn on the Create variables 
automatically in decisions  setting if you want SAS Intelligent Decisioning  to 
automatically create decision variables. For information, see “Add Missing 
Variables” on page 248 and “SAS Intelligent Decisioning Settings” on page 8. If you 
turn on the Create variables automatically in decisions  setting, SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  does not display the message.
When you add a treatment group to a decision, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates 
a decision variable of type data grid with the name group_name _out. If the 
treatment group name is longer than 32 characters, then this name is truncated.
When you add a data query file to a decision, the decision variables that are created 
depend on whether the query selects data and on whether the file contains the 
comment /* include sqlReturnInfo */
.For more information, see “Decision 
Variables for Data Query Files” on page 161.
You can create decision variables with different names, and then change the 
decision variable mappings on the Input Variables  and Output Variables  property 
panels for objects in the decision.
For example, suppose you have a decision named Credit Approval, and this 
decision contains a model named Loan Default and a rule set named Evaluate 
Credit. The model has an output variable named em_prob . The value of this 
variable must be passed as input to the Evaluate Credit rule set, but the rule set is 
expecting a variable named probability . In order for the value to be passed to the 
rule set, you must map the em_prob  output variable of the model to the em_prob Mapping Variables within a Decision 247