n“Add an Existing Object” on page 230
n“Create and Add a New Object” on page 232
n“Adding Record Contacts Nodes” on page 233
Add a Yes/No Branch on the Decision Tab
Note: When you add a Yes/No branch, any objects that follow the currently 
selected object become part of the ELSE clause. 
1Select Add ð Branch . If an object in the decision is selected, select Edit ð Add 
ð Branch . The Create New Branch  window appears.
2(Optional) Enter a name for the branch.
3Select Yes/No , and click OK. SAS Intelligent Decisioning  adds an IF-THEN-
ELSE statement to the decision. 
4For the IF condition, click . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  opens the expression 
editor.
5Define the expression for the branch. See “Using the Expression Editor” on page 
33 for additional information.
6Click Save  in the expression editor to save the expression and return to the 
decision editor.
7(Optional) Add objects to the THEN and ELSE clauses. Click Edit and select 
either Add to yes path  ð object-type  or Add to no path  ð object-type .
For more information, see the following topics:
n“Add an Existing Object” on page 230
n“Create and Add a New Object” on page 232
n“Adding Record Contacts Nodes” on page 233
Adding Equals, Range, or Like Branches
About Equals Branches
An Equals branch compares the value of the branch expression to other variables or 
to literal values. By default, this branch has one outgoing path for each comparison 
variable or literal value, plus a branch labeled Other  for any values that are not 
included in the branches that you create. However, you can combine an outgoing 
path with the path that immediately follows it by selecting the OR check box.
For example, the following branch compares the value of the character variable 
MODEL to the string ‘Aventador’, then to ‘Huracan’, and so on, in the order listed in 
the property panel. The first two comparison strings and the last two strings are 
combined into one path by using the OR operator.238 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions