TIP The input and output designations for a variable on the Variables  tab 
for the new version are removed, and the variable is treated as a temporary 
variable in the following situations:
nThe new version of the target object does not use a variable that is used 
in an earlier version.
nThe source and target object originally had a variable of the same name, 
and you deleted the variable from the source object before you copied it 
into the target object.
Note: When you copy the contents of a source object into a target object, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  creates a relationship between the two objects. If the source 
object is modified after you copy its contents, and you later copy the contents of the 
target object back into the source object, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  displays a 
warning message. Verify that you want to replace the current contents of the source 
object before you paste the new content.
Delete a Version
IMPORTANT When you delete a specific version, that version is deleted 
permanently. It is not moved into the recycle bin, and it cannot be restored.
Note:  In order to be able to delete a specific version of an object, you must have 
permission to delete the object itself. Also, the configuration option 
sas.decisions.deleteVersions must be turned on.
On the Versions  tab, select the version that you want to delete, click , and select 
Delete .
You cannot delete the current version.
Upgrade Decisions to Use a New Version of a 
Nested Decision
If you create a new version of a nested decision that is already used in other 
decisions, you can upgrade the decisions to use the new version.
1On the Versions  tab for the nested decision, click , and select Upgrade 
decisions . The Upgrade Decisions  window appears. This window lists all of the 
decisions that include the nested decision.
2In the Version to upgrade to  field, select the version of the nested decision to 
which you want to upgrade the decisions.270 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions