nby published decisions in SAS Micro Analytic Service destinations if the 
configuration sas.decisions.masInlineTreatmentGroup property is set to Off. See 
“Controlling Where Global Variables Are Activated and How They Are Used” on 
page 149 for more information.
Controlling Where Treatment Groups Are Activated 
and How They Are Used
Static versions of treatment groups are automatically embedded in content that is 
published to CAS, Teradata, Hadoop, and container destinations. Your administrator 
can use the following configuration options to control how treatment groups are 
used in SAS Micro Analytic Service destinations:
sas.treatmentdefinitions.activation.destinations = destinations
specifies the SAS Micro Analytic Service destinations in which treatment groups 
are activated. Only one SAS Micro Analytic Service destination is supported. By 
default, that destination is named maslocal
.
sas.decisions.masInlineTreatmentGroup = On | Off
specifies whether the code for treatment groups is included inline in generated 
code when you publish a decision to SAS Micro Analytic Service destinations.
When this property is set to On, a static copy of each treatment group is included 
in the code that is generated for SAS Micro Analytic Service destinations. 
Changes to the treatment groups do not affect published objects. When this 
property is set to Off, the generated code uses a SAS Micro Analytic Service 
module to retrieve the active version of the treatment group when the decision is 
run.
Activate a Treatment Group
Activating a version of a treatment group version locks that version. Locked groups 
cannot be unlocked.
You must activate a treatment group version before you can publish an object that 
uses that version. By default, when you activate a treatment group, it is activated in 
all of the publishing destinations that are configured at your site. However, you 
adminstrator might specify that groups are activated only in specific SAS Micro 
Analytic Service destinations. For more information, see “Controlling Where 
Treatment Groups Are Activated and How They Are Used” on page 94.
To activate a treatment group:
1Open the treatment group that you want to activate.
TIP If you do not have permission to update an object, SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning displays (Read-Only)
 in the title bar next to the object name, 
and the buttons for modifying and saving the object are disabled.94Chapter 3 / Working with Treatments and Treatment Groups