Concurrently Checking Out and Committing Code 
File Versions
The ability for multiple users to check out the same code file at the same time is 
controlled by the sas.decisions.checkout.allowConcurrentCheckout  configuration 
option.  This option is turned on by default.
When this option is turned on, different users can check out the same version of the 
same object at the same time. Because the objects that are checked out are saved 
in each user’s My Folder
 location, the default permissions allow individual users to 
see only the copies that they have checked out.
When this option is turned off and a user has checked out an object, the Check Out 
button for that object is disabled for all other users.
If multiple users check out the same version of the same object at the same time, 
each user’s changes are preserved in a new version when they commit their 
changes. One user’s changes do not overwrite another user’s changes.
IMPORTANT If two users attempt to commit changes to the same object 
simultaneously, the first user's attempt will succeed but the second user 
might see an error message that the commit has failed. If the second user 
subsequently commits their changes, the Modified By  column on the 
Versions  tab for both the version committed by the first user and the version 
committed by the second user displays the user ID of the second user.
Check Out and Commit a Custom Code File 
Version
1On the Versions  tab, click Check Out . 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  updates the Properties  tab to indicate that the 
version is checked out.
2Modify the checked-out version as needed, and save it.
TIP To discard the changes and delete the checked-out version from My Folder
, you can commit the object without saving it first. However, 
committing the object without saving creates a new version of the object 
whose contents match the contents of the previous version. For 
information on undoing a check out, see “Undoing a Check Out” on page 
185.
3On the Versions  tab, click Commit . The Commit Code File Version Commit 
Code File Version  window appears.184 Chapter 6 / Using Custom Code Files