order to duplicate an object that is in the Decision Repository, you must check out 
the object.
If your site has created additional folders for which the check-out and commit 
feature is enabled, and if those folders have been assigned the same permissions 
as those assigned to the Decision Repository, you must also check out objects in 
those folders before you can duplicate them.
Duplicate Lookup Tables
Note: You can duplicate the predefined Treatment Channels or Subject Level 
lookup tables, but the duplicates will not be used by SAS Intelligent Decisioning  to 
determine channels or subject levels. You cannot delete the duplicates by using the 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  user interface because these tables are not stored in a 
folder. You must use the REST API to delete the duplicate tables.
To duplicate a single lookup table:
1Select the table that you want to duplicate, click , and select Duplicate .
2Enter a new name for the duplicate lookup table. Names are limited to 250 
characters. Lookup table names are case insensitive and must be unique within 
the database.
3(Optional) Enter a description for the duplicate table. Descriptions are limited to 
1000 characters.
4Select the version of the lookup table that you want to duplicate.
5Click  and select the location where you want to save the duplicate lookup 
table.
6Click Duplicate .
To duplicate multiple lookup tables, select the tables that you want to duplicate, click 
, and select Duplicate . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  duplicates the latest version of 
the lookup tables and appends an -Copy
 to the names of the duplicate copies. If 
needed, a number is also appended to the duplicate table names.
Note: When you duplicate a lookup table, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a 
relationship between the original lookup table and the duplicate lookup table. If 
either object is changed, and you later copy the contents of one object into the 
other, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  displays a warning message. Verify that you want 
to replace the current contents of the lookup table before you paste the new 
content.124 Chapter 4 / Working with Lookup Tables and Functions