9Click Import .
Compare Different Scenarios
You can display the scenario definitions or results of two or more tests side-by-side. 
On the Scenarios  tab, select two or more tests, click , and select one of the 
following options:
Compare  ð Definitions
displays the input values and the expected output values that you entered for 
both tests. To edit the input values for a scenario test definition, click  next to 
the test name under Input Table . To edit the expected output values for a test, 
click  next to the test name under Output Table .
Compare  ð Results
displays the input values and the actual output values that were generated by 
the test. To display both the expected values and the actual values in the output 
table, select Display expected values . For each variable for which you selected 
Include  in Step 11 on page 291, the application highlights the variable if the 
actual and expected values do not match. 
Click Export  to export the results comparison as a comma-separated values 
(CSV) file. The result depends on which browser you are using and the 
browser’s default download actions. The browser might automatically download 
the file and display a notification in the bar at the bottom of the browser window. 
Alternatively, the browser might prompt you to save the file or open it with a 
specific application.
Using Variable Change Path Logging
When you run a scenario test for a decision, you can select Enable variable 
change path logging  to write information about node variables to a log as each 
node in the decision runs. Each log entry records value and mapping information for 
the node’s variables. After the scenario test has run, select the Generate path 
report  menu option to generate a report from the log entries. SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  creates the report in a text file and adds this text file to the scenario test 
as a comment with an attachment.
For all node types except branch nodes, the report records the initial value, the final 
value, and the mapping for each of the node’s variables. The information for each 
node, except branches, is enclosed in lines that begin with IN and OUT. For 
example, if the scenario test executes the treatment group named 
credit_card_offers followed by the rule set named calc_num_offers, the trace file 
contains the following lines:IN: decision - credit_card_offers   IN: treatment group - card_offers      ...<<node variable values>>...   OUT: treatment group - card_offers   IN: ruleset - calc_num_offers      ...<<node variable values>>...   OUT: ruleset - calc_num_offers
294 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions