nChapter 2, “Working with Rule Sets”
nChapter 3, “Working with Treatments and Treatment Groups”
nChapter 6, “Using Custom Code Files”
nChapter 8, “Working with Decisions”
10Click  and Close  to save and close the new object.
If you added new variables to the object, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  displays the 
message Some objects in the decision define variables for which no corresponding decision variables have been created.
11(Optional) Click  in the toolbar, and select Add missing variables  to add any 
missing variables to the decision. For more information, see “About Decision 
Variables and Mapping”  and “Add Missing Variables” .
Adding Record Contacts Nodes
About Recording Contacts
The primary purpose of record contacts nodes is to record the outcome of a 
decision. You can use record contacts nodes to record the values of specific 
variables at specific points in a decision. For treatment groups, a record contacts 
node records metadata for the treatments.
IMPORTANT Decisions that include record contacts nodes cannot be 
published to container destinations.
Record contacts nodes record information when the decision that they are in is 
executed in the publishing destination. The behavior of record contacts nodes differs 
based on whether the decision is published to a SAS Micro Analytic destination or to 
a destination of another type.
nFor decisions that are published to a SAS Micro Analytic Services destination, 
the record contacts node writes a record to the subject contact history. The 
record contains the information that you specified that you want to track, such as 
the data grid of treatments returned by the decision and the values of other 
variables. In addition, the record contacts node creates an output variable, the 
record contacts variable, that contains a response tracking code. An application, 
such as a customer service application, can use this response tracking code to 
add additional data to the subject contacts history.
nFor destinations of other types, the record contacts node does not write a record 
to the subject contact history. Instead, the information that you specified that you 
want to track is written to the record contacts variable. The name of this variable 
is based on the name of the record contacts node: rt_node-name
. This variable 
is a character string, and it also contains the response tracking code. You can 
issue a POST request to post the data to the subject contact history. The POST 
request type is application/vnd.sas.decision.subject.contact+json
. For 
more information, see the Subject Contacts API  documentation.Adding Objects to a Decision 233