5(Optional) Click Export  to export the results of the comparison to a PDF file. The 
Export Comparison Results  window appears.
6(Optional) Select the information that you want to export, and click Export . To 
export the information on a specific tab, select the tab name. To export the data 
type and length of each column in data grid variables, select Data grid 
metadata . If you want the PDF file to display only the differences between the 
two objects, select Show differences . To display all of the objects’ information, 
select Show all .
The result depends on which browser you are using and the browser’s default 
download actions. The browser might automatically download the file and display 
a notification in the bar at the bottom of the browser window. Alternatively, the 
browser might prompt you to save the file or open it with a specific application.
Compare Decision Code
You can compare the generated code of two different decisions, or you can 
compare the generated code of two different versions of the same decision.
1Select the objects that you want to compare.
nTo compare the generated code of two different decisions, select the 
decisions in the category view, click , and select Compare code .
nTo compare the generated code of two versions of the same decision, open 
the decision, click  on the Versions  tab, and select Compare code .
The Select Versions  window appears.
2Select the versions that you want to compare, and click Compare . SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  opens the two objects side-by-side in the Compare Code 
window and highlights the differences.
3(Optional) Click Export  to export the results of the comparison to a PDF file. The 
result depends on which browser you are using and the browser’s default 
download actions. The browser might automatically download the file and display 
a notification in the bar at the bottom of the browser window. Alternatively, the 
browser might prompt you to save the file or open it with a specific application.
Generate PDF Documentation for a 
Decision
You can generate detailed documentation for a decision as a PDF document. The 
PDF includes the decision properties, the properties and variable mappings for each 
node, and a table of the decision variables. You can download documents with 258 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions