Controlling Where Global Variables Are Activated 
and How They Are Used
Your administrator can use the following configuration options to control how global 
variables are used:
sas.businessrules.inlineGlobalVariableValues = On | Off
specifies whether the current values of global variables are included inline in 
generated code when you publish a rule set to CAS or SAS Micro Analytic 
Service destinations.
sas.decisions.inlineGlobalVariableValues = On | Off
specifies whether the current values of global variables are included inline in 
generated code when you publish a decision to CAS or SAS Micro Analytic 
Service destinations.
When these properties are set to On, the current value of each global variable is 
included in the code that is generated for CAS and SAS Micro Analytic Service 
destinations. Changes to the values of the variables do not affect published objects. 
When these properties are set to Off, the generated code uses a SAS format or a 
SAS Micro Analytic Service module to retrieve the current value of the global 
variable when the rule set or decision is run.
Note: Static versions of global variables are automatically embedded in content that 
is published to Teradata, Hadoop, and container destinations. These options are 
ignored for those destinations.
Activate a Global Variable
Activating a version of a global variable locks that version. Locked variables cannot 
be unlocked.
You must activate a global variable before you can publish an object that uses the 
variable. When you activate a global variable, it is activated in all of the publishing 
destinations that are configured at your site.
Published rule sets and decisions use activated versions of global variables. The 
version varies according to the destination type. For more information, see “Content 
Executed by Published Decisions” on page 309 and “Content Executed by 
Published Rule Sets” on page 79.
1Open the global variable that you want to activate.
2On the Versions  tab, select the version that you want to activate, and click 
Activate .
3Click Save  to close the Edit Global Variable  window.Activating a Global Variable 149