information in JSON syntax. You can use these variables and the SAS Decision 
Management REST API to update the subject contact database. For example, your 
enterprise might have a batch job that runs at specific times and updates the subject 
contact database.
When you add a record contacts node to a decision, you specify the data grid 
variable and the decision variables that you want to track in the subject contacts 
record. When the decision contains a treatment, you usually specify the output data 
grid that is produced by the treatment as the data grid to track. This data grid 
contains information about the treatments for which the subject qualifies. You 
usually also track the decision variables that are mapped to dynamic attributes. The 
record contacts node also generates a response tracking code that you can use in a 
REST API request to update the subject contact database with information about 
the subject’s response to the treatments.
For more information about treatments, attributes, and record contacts nodes, see 
Chapter 3, “Working with Treatments and Treatment Groups,” on page 83 and 
“Adding Record Contacts Nodes” on page 233. Information about the Subject 
Contacts REST API is available at https://developer.sas.com .
You can query the subject contact records and treatment definitions to determine 
which treatments a subject qualifies for, whether a treatment has been presented to 
a subject, which treatments a subject has responded to, and so on. SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  provides database views that you can use to query the database.
How to Query the Subject Contacts 
Database
If you are using the PostgreSQL instance that was installed with SAS Viya for your 
database, the recommended way to query the database is to use the SAS Decision 
Management REST API. Complete reference information for the Decision 
Management API is available at http://developer.sas.com . For examples of using the 
Subject Contacts API, see the examples on GitHub . For additional information and 
examples, see SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Decision Management REST API 
Examples .
If you are using a third-party database, you can use the database views that are 
provided by SAS Intelligent Decisioning . You can create a data query file in the SQL 
editor that uses these views and include the data query file in a decision. For more 
information, see “Using Views Defined by SAS Intelligent Decisioning” on page 315
and “Data Query Files” on page 159.314 Appendix 1 / Querying the Subject Contact Database