TIP This rule-fired data is recorded in the ruleFiredFlags column in 
the output table. The rule-fired data that is recorded when you select 
Record rule-fired data  for a record contacts node is recorded in the 
subject contact history.
This option is disabled if you are publishing content to a SAS Micro 
Analytic Service destination, a Git destination, or a container 
destination.
7Publish the rule sets.
To publish content to a SAS Cloud Analytic Services (CAS) destination, you must 
reload the CAS destination table in order to make the newly published items 
available to other applications. You do not need to reload the destination table 
when you publish content to other destination types.
Select one of the following options:
Publish
publishes the rule sets and, if you are publishing content to a CAS 
destination, automatically reloads the CAS destination table. If another user 
is executing the code for an item that was previously published to CAS while 
the destination table is being reloaded, reloading the table might cause 
temporary problems with accessing the table content. After the table is 
reloaded, all authorized users can access all items in the table.
Publish without reloading
publishes the rule sets but does not reload the CAS destination table. You 
must manually reload the table in order for the newly published items to be 
accessible.
Publish and lock
locks and publishes the rule set and creates a new minor version, but does 
not reload the CAS destination table. You must manually reload the table in 
order for the newly published items to be accessible.
Note: This option is not available unless you chose Publish and Lock  in 
Step 4 .
The Publishing Results  window appears. It displays the names of the published 
items, their status, and a link to the log that was generated during the publishing 
process.
8After the status changes to Published successfully , click Close  to close the 
Publishing Results  window.
TIP To view the publishing history for a rule set, click the History  tab.
9(Optional) Click Close  to close the rule set.62Chapter 2 / Working with Rule Sets