decision authoring and publishing
You can combine rule sets, analytical models, treatment groups, custom code 
files, record contacts nodes, and branches (conditional logic) into decisions. You 
can also add a decision to another decision. You can investigate various 
scenarios, test and refine the decision logic, and then publish the decisions for 
use in batch applications and online transactions. After a decision has been 
published, it is available for use by other applications.
Support for Models in Decisions
Support for a model depends on the tool that you use to create the model and the 
model’s score code type. For example, decisions that use certain model score code 
types cannot be published or can be published only to SAS Micro Analytic Service 
destinations. For more information, see “High-Level Model Support Matrix for 
Primary Functions” in SAS Model Manager: User’s Guide .
Sign in to SAS Intelligent Decisioning
Note: If you are already signed in to SAS Drive, you can access SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  by clicking  and selecting Build Decisions .
To sign in to SAS Intelligent Decisioning :
1In the address bar of your web browser, enter the URL for SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  and press Enter . The Sign In  page appears.
Note: Contact your system administrator if you need the URL for SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning . The default URL is http:// host_name /SASDecisionManager.
2Enter a user ID and password.
3Click Sign In . If this is your first time signing in to SAS Intelligent Decisioning , 
the Welcome to SAS  window appears.
4Do one of the following:
nSet up a profile and customize user-specific settings. For more information, 
see “Settings” in SAS Viya Platform: General Usage Help for Web 
Applications  under General Usage in the Help Center  and “SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning Settings” on page 8.
nClick Skip setup  if you do not want to set up a profile.You can edit your 
profile settings later by clicking the user icon in the upper right.
After you exit the profile setup page, the SAS Intelligent Decisioning home page 
appears.4Chapter 1 / Introduction to SAS Intelligent Decisioning