3Click OK to close the window. The tag remains in the list of previously entered 
tags that is displayed when you add a tag, but the tag is no longer associated 
with version.
Modify a Version Tag
You cannot modify a version tag that already exists. To change the content of an 
existing tag, delete the tag as described in “Remove a Version Tag” on page 133, 
and then add the tag again as described in “Add a Version Tag” on page 133.
Activating a Lookup Table
What Does Activating a Lookup Table Do?
Activating a lookup table makes the table available for use by published objects. By 
default, when you activate a lookup table, the lookup table is converted into 
executable code in the form of a SAS Cloud Analytic Services (CAS) format. If your 
site has a SAS Micro Analytic Service publishing destination, then a SAS Micro 
Analytic Service module is also created for the table. The CAS format is used when 
you create and run tests and scenario tests (pre-publishing tests) for the rule sets 
and decisions that use the lookup tables. The CAS format and SAS Micro Analytic 
Service module also enable objects that are published to those destination types to 
use the most recently activated version of a lookup table instead of a static copy.
However, your administrator can set configuration options to specify that SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  includes lookup tables inline in generated code instead of 
using formats and modules for CAS and SAS Micro Analytic Service destinations. 
For more information, see “Controlling Where Lookup Tables Are Activated And 
How They Are Used” on page 135.
Teradata, Hadoop, and container destinations do not support the format or module 
that is created when you activate a lookup table. Objects that are published to these 
destinations must include a static version of each lookup table.
You must activate a version of any lookup table that is used in a rule set or decision. 
When you activate a version of a lookup table, that version is locked and cannot be 
edited. Each lookup table can have only one active version.
The active version of a lookup table is used in the following ways:
nwhen you run a test or scenario test prior to publishing an object.
nto generate a static copy of the table when you publish an object if a static copy 
is needed, such as when you publish the object to Teradata, Hadoop, or 
container destinations. In order to generate the static copy for Teradata or 
Hadoop destinations, the lookupStaticBinding configuration property must be set 
to On. Static copies are automatically generated for container destinations.134 Chapter 4 / Working with Lookup Tables and Functions