About Attributes, Eligibility Rules, and 
Effective Dates
A treatment defines the details of an offer that can be sent to a subject, who is 
eligible for the offer, and the dates during which the offer is available to be sent to a 
subject. A treatment is a set of attributes, eligibility rules, and effective dates.
Attributes and Attribute Aliases
Attributes are name-value pairs that define the specific details of the offer that you 
present to a subject. For example, for a treatment that gives subjects a 20% 
discount, you could define an attribute named DISCOUNT that has the value 20. To 
give subjects a special deal on a specific cell phone model, you can define an 
attribute named MODEL whose value is the specific model name. You could use 
treatment attributes to set values such as profitability, risk, cost, priority, or order. 
You can use the values of these attributes to arbitrate the treatments. For more 
information, see “Arbitrating Treatments” on page 89.
An attribute’s value can be dynamic or fixed.
Fixed
You specify the value or set of values for fixed attributes when you define the 
attribute. You cannot customize the values in treatment groups, and the decision 
cannot set them at run time.
Dynamic
You can set the value or set of values for a dynamic attribute when you add a 
treatment group to a decision, or the decision can set them at run-time. When 
you define a dynamic attribute, you can specify default values for the attribute. 
Within each treatment group in which the attribute appears, you can set static 
values that are used only within that specific treatment group, or you can specify 
that the attribute’s values are set by the decision at run time.
When you add a treatment group to a decision, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  does the 
following:
ncreates an output decision variable of type data grid that contains a column for 
each attribute in the treatment group.
ncreates an input decision variable for each dynamic attribute whose value is set 
by the decision.
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  automatically maps the treatment group’s attributes to 
the decision variables that have the same name and data type. For more 
information, see “Mapping Variables within a Decision” on page 247.
You can assign aliases to attributes. An alias is an alternative name that you can 
assign to a treatment attribute after you add the treatment to a treatment group. 
Aliases are useful when attributes in different treatments within the group represent 
the same data but are defined with different names. For example, treatment A could 
define an attribute named DISCOUNT, and treatment B could define an attribute 88Chapter 3 / Working with Treatments and Treatment Groups