Model Score 
Code TypeCAS 
Destinat
ionsGit DestinationsSAS Micro 
Analytic 
Service 
DestinationsHadoop and 
Teradata 
DestinationsContainer 
DestinationsPythonyesyesyesnoyes1
1You can publish decisions that include a model node for a Python model that is stored in the common model repository. 
The packages that are used by the model must be specified in the requirements.json file. For more information, see 
“Scoring Python Models” in SAS Model Manager: User’s Guide .
SAS Model Manager supports publishing some additional model types 
independently (not in a decision). For additional information, see “Model Score Code 
Types and Publishing Destinations” in SAS Model Manager: User’s Guide .
For more information about publishing destinations, see “Configuring Publishing 
Destinations” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Administrator’s Guide .
Publishing Decisions That Include Analytic Store 
Models
If you are publishing a decision that includes an analytic store model, the model’s 
analytic store (ASTORE) file must be in the /opt/sas/viya/config/data/modelsvr/astore
 directory on the CAS server for the destination to which you are 
publishing the decision. The ASTORE file is copied to that location when you do any 
of the following:
nrun a decision test for the decision that uses the analytic store model
nset the model as a project champion in SAS Model Manager
npublish the model to SAS Micro Analytic Service from SAS Model Manager
If you are publishing a decision that includes an analytic store model and the model 
has not been set as a project champion or published from SAS Model Manager, you 
must test the decision before you publish it. For more information, see “Testing 
Decisions” on page 284.
Publish Decisions
Note: You must validate decisions and correct any errors that are found by the 
validation process before you publish the decisions. For information, see “Validate a 
Decision in the Decision Editor” on page 254.
1Open the decision, and click the Versions  tab.
By default, the version that is published when you click Publish  is the displayed 
version.
2(Optional) Click the version number  to change the displayed version to the 
version that you want to publish.Publishing a Decision 281