Add an IF-THEN or IF-THEN-ELSE Rule to an 
Assignment or Common Rule Set
1Create or open the rule set. If no variables are defined in the rule set, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  displays the Variables  tab. Otherwise, it displays the Rule 
Set tab.
TIP If you do not have permission to update an object, SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning displays (Read-Only)
 in the title bar next to the object name, 
and the buttons for modifying and saving the object are disabled.
2Import or create any variables that are required for the new rule that have not 
already been added to the rule set. You can add or create the variables on the 
Variables  tab, or you can define variables dynamically as you author the rule. 
See “Managing the Variables in a Rule Set” on page 16 for more information.
3Click the Rule Set  tab.
4Click Add Rule  if the rule set is empty. If the rule set contains at least one 
statement, click Add Rule  or select Add ð Add rule . SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  adds a new IF-THEN rule to the rule set.
5(Optional) Define the condition expression for the rule. See “About Defining 
Expressions” on page 33 for additional information.
To add additional condition expressions to the selected rule, select Add ð 
Condition .
6Define the action expressions for the rule. See “About Defining Expressions” on 
page 33 for additional information.
To add additional action expressions to the selected rule, select Add ð Action .
TIP To move condition or action expressions up or down within an IF, 
THEN, or ELSE clause, select the expression and click  or .
7(Optional) Change the rule operator to ELSE  or OR. If the rule is the first rule in 
a rule set, the rule operator must be IF.
When you change the operator on a rule from IF to ELSE, the condition 
expression is preserved, and the rule becomes an ELSE clause with a condition. 
If you change IF or ELSE to OR, the condition expression is preserved, but the 
action expression is deleted. For more information, see “Controlling Which 
Conditions Are Evaluated” on page 31.
8(Optional) Change the operator on the THEN clause from ASSIGN  to RETURN . 
The RETURN action stops the execution of any additional statements in the rule 
set. See “Controlling Which Conditions Are Evaluated” on page 31 for more 
information.Defining New Rules in a Rule Set 25