1On the Variables  tab, click the Global Variables  subtab.
2Click Select Variables . The Select Variables  window appears.
3Select the check boxes for the variables that you want to add to the decision, 
and click OK.
4(Optional) Select the Output  check box if you want the value of the variable to 
be written to the output table that is generated when the decision is run.
TIP In the Global Variables  category view, the Value  column displays the 
value of the latest version of the variable. The Activated Value  column 
displays the value of the currently active version. A check mark in the 
Deleted  column indicates that the variable has been deleted from the list of 
global variables.
Create Custom Variables on the Variables Tab
Note: For information about data grid variables, see “Defining Data Grid Variables” 
in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Using Data Grids .
To create custom variables on the Variables  tab:
1Click the Decision Variables  subtab.
2Click Add variable  and select Custom variable . The Add Variables  window 
appears.
3Complete these steps for each variable that you want to add:
aEnter the name of the new variable, and select the data type of the variable. 
See “The Properties of a Variable” on page 222 for additional information.
TIP To re-add a variable that was used in a locked version, you must 
specify the same data type that was used in the previous version.
b(Optional) Click Optional  to display the Description , Initial value , and 
Length  fields.
c(Optional) Enter a length, initial value, and description for the new variable. 
Whether you can specify an intial value or length for the variable depends on 
the variable's data type. See “The Properties of a Variable” on page 222 for 
additional information.
TIP You can specify an expression as the intial value only for 
variables of type character, integer, decimal, or boolean. To enter an 
expression, click  to open the expression editor. For more 
information, see “Using the Expression Editor” on page 33.226 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions