Managing Decisions
Duplicating Decisions
About Duplicating Decisions in Folders for 
Which the Check-Out and Commit Feature 
Is Enabled
When you duplicate a decision, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  first creates an empty 
decision, and then updates the decision to add references to the included objects. 
The default permissions for the Decision Repository enable users to create new 
objects, but the permissions do not include the ability to update the objects. In order 
to duplicate an object that is in the Decision Repository, you must check out the 
object.
If your site has created additional folders for which the check-out and commit 
feature is enabled, and if those folders have been assigned the same permissions 
as those assigned to the Decision Repository, you must also check out objects in 
those folders before you can duplicate them.
Duplicating Included Objects
When you duplicate a decision, you can choose whether to also duplicate the 
objects that are in the decision. If you choose not to duplicate the included objects, 
the duplicate decision uses the existing objects. If you choose to duplicate the 
included objects, the new copy of the decision uses the new copies of the included 
objects. If the decision includes a nested decision (subdecision), SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  duplicates the objects that are in the nested decision.
Note: Any models, lookup tables, custom context files, or Micro Analytic modules 
that are used in the decision are not duplicated. The duplicated decision uses the 
original objects. If the decision includes treatment groups, the treatment groups are 
duplicated, but the individual treatments within the treatment groups are not 
duplicated. The duplicated treatment group uses the original treatments.
When you duplicate a decision and its included objects, you must enter a custom 
suffix that SAS Intelligent Decisioning  appends to the names of the duplicated 
objects. See “Duplicate Decisions” on page 261. All of the duplicated objects are 
placed in the same folder260 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions