Check Out and Commit a Treatment or Treatment 
Group Version
TIP If a checked-out treatment group includes treatments that are also 
checked out, committing the treatment group also commits the treatments.
1On the Versions  tab, click Check Out . 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  updates the Properties  tab to indicate that the 
version is checked out.
2Modify the checked-out version as needed, and save it.
TIP To discard the changes and delete the checked-out version from My Folder
, you can commit the object without saving it first. However, 
committing the object without saving creates a new version of the object 
whose contents match the contents of the previous version. For 
information on undoing a check out, see “Undoing a Check Out” on page 
111.
3On the Versions  tab, click Commit . The Commit Treatment Version  or Commit 
Treatment Group Version  window appears.
4Select the version type: Minor  or Major . Version numbers follow the format 
major .minor . If you select Major , the number to the left of the period is 
incremented, and the minor number is reset to zero. If you select Minor , the 
number to the right of the period is incremented.
5(Optional) In the Version tags  field, enter any version tags that you want to 
associate with the new version. Press Enter after each tag. Tags are limited to 
100 characters each and cannot contain the following characters: $ ' " # & ? ( ) \ /
6(Optional) Enter information about the new version in the Notes  field.
7Click Commit . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a new version with your 
changes, and deletes the working copy from your My Folder
 folder. 
Determine Who Has a Version Checked Out
If the current version of an object is checked out, the IDs of the users that checked it 
out and the timestamps when each user checked it out appear in the Checked out 
by field on the Properties  tab for the original object. You can also display this 
information by clicking  beside the version number on the Versions  tab.110 Chapter 3 / Working with Treatments and Treatment Groups