TIP You can click on the values of character variables to display the 
entire value in a separate window. For data grid variables, you can 
choose to view the variable value in three different formats:
nClick the Data Grid  tab to view the data grid value as a table.
nClick the Formatted  tab to view the data grid as a formatted JSON 
character string.
nClick the Plain  tab to view the data grid as an unformatted character 
string.
TIP On the Log page, you can click  to download the log file.
Debugging Code File Tests
When you create a test, you can specify a variable to use as a debugging variable 
in the Input debug variable  field. You can specify an input-only variable or an input-
output variable. For more information, see Step 12  of “Create and Run a New Test” 
on page 188.
When you specify an input debug variable, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  automatically 
sets the maximum number of threads that can be allocated for the test to 1. Setting 
the thread count to 1 ensures that the variable's values are written to the log in the 
correct order and are not affected by different threads completing at different times.
To capture variable values for input-only or temporary variables after the code file 
logic has executed for a specific record, you can specify that the variable is an 
output variable, and then re-run the test. Before incorporating the code file into a 
production system, return the input and output settings for the variable to their 
previous settings. For more information, see “Input Variables and Output Variables” 
on page 170 and “Edit Variable Properties” on page 175.
Test a Scenario
Create and Run a Scenario Test
IMPORTANT If you are testing a DS2 or SQL code file that uses functions 
that are defined in a custom context file, verify that the context file is specified 
in the Test custom context  field on the Properties  before running the test.
1On the Scoring  tab, click the Scenarios  tab. 
2Click New Test . The New Scenario Test  window appears.190 Chapter 6 / Using Custom Code Files