2Select the versions that you want to compare, and click Compare . SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  opens the two objects side-by-side in the Compare Code 
window and highlights the differences.
3(Optional) Click Export  to export the results of the comparison to a PDF file. The 
result depends on which browser you are using and the browser’s default 
download actions. The browser might automatically download the file and display 
a notification in the bar at the bottom of the browser window. Alternatively, the 
browser might prompt you to save the file or open it with a specific application.
Generate PDF Documentation for a Rule 
Set
You can generate detailed documentation for a rule set as a PDF document. The 
PDF includes the rule set properties, details about each of the rules, and a table of 
the variables that are used in the rule set. You can download additional documents 
for lookup tables that are used in the rule set.
1Open the rule set.
2Click , and select Create document . The Create Document  window appears.
TIP If this option is disabled, there might be unsaved changes. Click .
3(Optional) Enter a name for the document if you do not want to use the default 
name.
4(Optional) Select Choose additional documents to download  to display a 
window from which you can download additional documents. You can download 
documents for any lookup tables that are used in the rule set.
5Click Create . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates the PDF. The result depends 
on which browser you are using and the browser’s default download actions. 
The browser might automatically download the file and display a notification in 
the bar at the bottom of the browser window. Alternatively, the browser might 
prompt you to save the file or open it with a specific application.
If you download additional documents in Step 4 , the Download Additional 
Documents  window appears.
6(Optional) Click Download  for each additional document that you want to 
download.
7(Optional) Click Close  to close the Download Additional Documents  window.46Chapter 2 / Working with Rule Sets