In the report, you can use the Filter  field to filter the list of objects based on the 
object names. Click on an object name to open the object. Click  next to an object 
name to display the date on which the object was last modified and the ID of the 
user who modified the object. For decisions and code files that have been checked 
out, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  also displays the IDs of the users that have checked 
out the objects. For decisions, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  includes the decision’s 
workflow status.
Click Export  to export the Used By report to a PDF file. In the PDF file, you can 
click on an object name to open the object in a new browser tab.
Checking Out and Committing Rule Set 
Versions
About Checking Out and Committing Versions
Your administrator can enable the check-out and commit feature for rule sets that 
are in any folder by specifying the folder in the 
sas.businessrules.checkout.checkoutEnabledFolderPaths configuration option. 
Enabling this feature for a folder does not automatically modify the permissions for 
the folder or for the objects in it. You can still modify a rule set in the folder without 
checking it out, but you are expected to check out the latest version before you edit 
it. However, your administrator might also set permissions that require you to check 
out rule sets in these folders before you can edit them. For more information, see 
“sas.businessrules.checkout” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Administrator’s Guide
and “Set Permissions for Check-Out Folders” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: 
Administrator’s Guide .
By default, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  defines a folder where you can store rule 
sets that must be checked out before they can be edited. This folder is the Decision Repository
 folder, and it is the default value for the 
sas.businessrules.checkout.checkoutEnabledFolderPaths configuration option. The 
default permissions for this folder require that non-administrative users check out a 
version and commit their changes to the checked-out version. Users who do not 
have administrative permissions cannot edit the rule sets in Decision Repository 
without first checking them out.
If a version can be or must be checked out before it is modified, the Check Out 
button appears at the top of the Versions  tab for that object. You can check out any 
version of an object. You can check out only one copy of a version at a time.
TIP If the sas.businessrules.checkout.allowConcurrentCheckout option is 
turned off, and a user has checked out a rule set version, the Check Out 
button for that rule set is disabled for all other users. For more information, 
see “Concurrently Checking Out and Committing Rule Set Versions” on page 
56.Checking Out and Committing Rule Set Versions 53