bClick  to add the row, and then enter the values for each column.
Repeat this step for each row of values that you want to add to the data grid.
TIP By default, data grid column names appear across the top of the 
data grid view, and row numbers appear down the left side. You can 
click  to change the view of the data grid so that row numbers 
appear across the top and data grid column names appear down the 
left side.
cClick OK to save the data grid values and close the Edit Data Grid  window.
9(Optional) For each output variable, select the Include  check box and enter the 
expected output value. The Include  check box controls whether a variable’s 
expected value is used to determine the status of a scenario test. If you select 
Include  for a variable and the test does not return the expected value, the test 
status is set to Completed with warnings ( ). If you do not select the check box, 
the application ignores the expected value of that variable when it determines 
the status of the test.
To enter expected values for the columns in a data grid variable, click in the 
Expected Output  field, and follow the instructions in Step 8 .
Note: A scenario test cannot verify issues with trailing spaces. For example, it 
cannot distinguish between a string that contains a single space ' '
 and a string 
that contains three spaces ' '
.
10Click Run to run the test. Alternatively, click Save  to save the test definition 
without running it.
The status of the test is indicated by the icon in the Status  column. For 
explanations of each icon, see “Status Icons for Tests” on page 76.
11Click  in the Results  column to view the results of the test. 
12On the Test Results  page, click Test Results  in the navigation panel to display 
the URIs and other information for the test. Click Input  to display the values of 
input variables and dynamic attributes. Click Output , Code , or Log to display 
the output data set, the code that was generated by SAS Intelligent Decisioning , 
or the SAS log that was generated when the code was run.
On the Output  page, click Show All  to display the expected and actual values of 
all output variables. Click Show Differences  to display only the variables whose 
expected values do not match the actual values that were returned by the test.68Chapter 2 / Working with Rule Sets