TIP To discard the changes and delete the checked-out version from My Folder
, you can commit the object without saving it first. However, 
committing the object without saving creates a new version of the object 
whose contents match the contents of the previous version. For 
information on undoing a check out, see “Undoing a Check Out” on page 
57.
3On the Versions  tab, click Commit . The Commit Rule Set Version  window 
appears.
4Select the version type: Minor  or Major . Version numbers follow the format 
major .minor . If you select Major , the number to the left of the period is 
incremented, and the minor number is reset to zero. If you select Minor , the 
number to the right of the period is incremented.
5(Optional) In the Version tags  field, enter any version tags that you want to 
associate with the new version. Press Enter after each tag. Tags are limited to 
100 characters each and cannot contain the following characters: $ ' " # & ? ( ) \ /
6(Optional) Enter information about the new version in the Notes  field.
7Click Commit . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a new version with your 
changes, and deletes the working copy from your My Folder
 folder. 
Determine Who Has a Version Checked Out
If the current version of an object is checked out, the IDs of the users that checked it 
out and the timestamps when each user checked it out appear in the Checked out 
by field on the Properties  tab for the original object. You can also display this 
information by clicking  beside the version number on the Versions  tab.
Opening the Original Object
When you check out an object, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  adds the field Original 
object link  to the Properties  tab for the checked-out object. This field contains a 
link to the original object that was checked out. You can use this link to verify that 
you have checked out the correct version and to compare the original content with 
the modified content in the checked-out version.
Undoing a Check Out
How you undo the checkout of an object depends on how the object was checked 
out.Checking Out and Committing Rule Set Versions 57