DestinationMaximu
m 
LengthRequirements And Restrictionscharacters, or special characters other than the 
underscore.Apache 
Hadoop128The published name cannot contain colons (:) or 
double quotation marks.
bIf you have previously published the decision, turn on the Replace item with 
the same name  option in order to replace the previously published decision 
of the same name in the same destination.
cSelect the Path tracking  check box if you want the published decision to 
generate path tracking data.
TIP This path-tracking data is recorded in the pathID column in the 
output table. The path-tracking data that is recorded when you select 
Record path tracking  for a record contacts node is recorded in the 
subject contact history.
This option is disabled if you are publishing content to a SAS Micro 
Analytic Service destination, a Git destination, or a container 
destination.
dSelect the Rule-fired tracking  check box if you want the published decision 
to generate rule-fired data.
TIP This rule-fired data is recorded in the ruleFiredFlags column in 
the output table. The rule-fired data that is recorded when you select 
Record rule-fired data  for a record contacts node is recorded in the 
subject contact history.
This option is disabled if you are publishing content to a SAS Micro 
Analytic Service destination, a Git destination, or a container 
destination.
7Publish the decisions. 
To publish content to a SAS Cloud Analytic Services (CAS) destination, you must 
reload the CAS destination table in order to make the newly published items 
available to other applications. You do not need to reload the destination table 
when you publish content to other destination types.
Select one of the following options:
Publish
publishes the decisions and, if you are publishing content to a CAS 
destination, automatically reloads the CAS destination table. If another user 
is executing the code for an item that was previously published to CAS while 
the destination table is being reloaded, reloading the table might cause 
temporary problems with accessing the table content. After the table is 
reloaded, all authorized users can access all items in the table.Publishing a Decision 283