When you publish the decision, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  passes the name and pip3
 install command for each package to the model publish service. The model 
publish service uses this information to install the packages in the container that is 
published to the destination.
For information about the Python base image that is included in published 
containers, see “About a SAS Container Runtime Image” in SAS Container 
Runtime: Programming and Administration Guide .
Note: Do not specify package aliases or the names of built-in packages in this 
docstring. If you include the name of a built-in package or of a package alias, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  writes the following message to the log when you publish the 
decision:ERROR: No matching distribution found for name
Verify whether a package is built in to the Python distribution that will be used by the 
executing decision before you add a package name to this docstring. Verify that the 
docstring is correct by running a publishing validation test for your decision before 
you deploy your decision in a production environment. For information about the 
standard libraries that are distributed with specific versions of Python, see https://
docs.python.org .
Data Query Files
Using Data Query Files
A query enables you to extract data from one or more tables according to criteria 
that you specify. When you create the query, you can choose which editor you want 
to use to create the file. Your choice of editor affects whether the data query can 
return scalar variables. For more information, see “Query Output Types and Editors” 
on page 160.
IMPORTANT You can publish decisions that contain data query files to SAS 
Micro Analytic Service destinations or to container destinations. For SAS 
Micro Analytic Service destinations, you can query only the data sources that 
are supported by SAS Micro Analytic Service. For more information, see 
“Data Sources Supported for Use with SAS Micro Analytic Service” in SAS 
Micro Analytic Service: Programming and Administration Guide . 
In container destinations, Oracle is the only database that can be queried by 
using data query files.
In order to test decisions that contain data query files, an administrator must 
configure support for SQL query files. See “Configuring Support for Data Query 
Files” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Administrator’s Guide .Data Query Files 159