Note: A scenario test cannot verify issues with trailing spaces. For example, it 
cannot distinguish between a string that contains a single space ' '
 and a string 
that contains three spaces ' '
.
10Click Run to run the test. Alternatively, click Save  to save the test definition 
without running it.
The status of the test is indicated by the icon in the Status  column. For 
explanations of each icon, see “Status Icons for Tests” on page 194.
11Click  in the Results  column to view the results of the test. 
12On the Test Results  page, click Test Results  in the navigation panel to display 
the URIs and other information for the test. Click Input  to display the values of 
input variables and dynamic attributes. Click Output , Code , or Log to display 
the output data set, the code that was generated by SAS Intelligent Decisioning , 
or the SAS log that was generated when the code was run.
On the Output  page, click Show All  to display the expected and actual values of 
all output variables. Click Show Differences  to display only the variables whose 
expected values do not match the actual values that were returned by the test.
TIP You can click on the values of character variables to display the 
entire value in a separate window. For data grid variables, you can 
choose to view the variable value in three different formats:
nClick the Data Grid  tab to view the data grid value as a table.
nClick the Formatted  tab to view the data grid as a formatted JSON 
character string.
nClick the Plain  tab to view the data grid as an unformatted character 
string.
TIP On the Output  page, click Export  to export the output table as a 
comma-separated values (CSV) file. On the Log page, click  to 
download the log file.
Import Scenario Test Definitions
You can import scenario test values from a comma-delimited (CSV) file. Each line in 
the CSV file is imported as one scenario test. In the CSV file, add a column of 
values for each variable. In the header row, enter the names of the input variables 
and of the output variables with _expected
 appended to the name.
For example, suppose your scenario test has the input variables policyholder
, cscore
, and claims
, and it has the output variables eligible
 and policies
. An 
import file for this test might appear in a spreadsheet application as shown in the 
following figure.192 Chapter 6 / Using Custom Code Files