the folder or for the objects in it. You can still modify a lookup table in the folder 
without checking it out, but you are expected to check out the latest version before 
you edit it. However, your administrator might also set permissions that require you 
to check out lookup tables in these folders before you can edit them. For more 
information, see “sas.referencedata.checkout” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: 
Administrator’s Guide  and “Set Permissions for Check-Out Folders” in SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning: Administrator’s Guide .
By default, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  defines a folder where you can store lookup 
tables that must be checked out before they can be edited. This folder is the Decision Repository
 folder, and it is the default value for the 
sas.referencedata.checkout.checkoutEnabledFolderPaths configuration option. The 
default permissions for this folder require that non-administrative users check out a 
version and commit their changes to the checked-out version. Users who do not 
have administrative permissions cannot edit the lookup tables in Decision Repository
 without first checking them out.
If a version can be or must be checked out before it is modified, the Check Out 
button appears at the top of the Versions  tab for that object. You can check out any 
version of an object. You can check out only one copy of a version at a time.
TIP If the sas.referencedata.checkout.allowConcurrentCheckout option is 
turned off, and a user has checked out a lookup table version, the Check Out 
button for that lookup table is disabled for all other users. For more 
information, see “Concurrently Checking Out and Committing Lookup Table 
Versions” on page 131.
When you check out a version, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  writes a working copy of 
the version into your My Folder
 folder and opens the working copy. SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  adds “(Checked Out)
” to the name that is displayed at the top of the 
window.
While you have a version checked out, the Lookup Tables  category view shows two 
lookup tables with the same name, but the folders listed in the Location  column 
differ for each lookup table. The original version is in the location specified by the 
sas.referencedata.checkout.checkoutEnabledFolderPaths configuration option, and 
the checked-out copy is in your My Folder
 folder.
TIP If an object that you have checked out does not appear in the category 
view, click  to refresh the category view.
A Commit  button appears at the top of the Versions  tab for the checked-out 
version. When you are finished editing the checked-out version, you must commit 
your changes in order for other users to be able to see them. When you commit 
your changes, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a new version with your changes.
If the parent object is deleted before you commit your changes, you will not be able 
to commit your changes.
You cannot activate the checked-out version that is in My Folder
. To activate a 
version with your changes, you must commit your changes, and activate the 
committed version.Checking Out and Committing Lookup Table Versions 129