13(Optional) Select Preserve unmapped columns in the output table  if you want 
columns that are not mapped to an output variable to be written to the output 
table.
14(Optional) To generate a data grid variable of all decision variables and their 
values, select Record variable values by node . For more information, see 
“Enabling Value Tracing” on page 288.
15(Optional) Select Keep filtered records in output table  to include records in the 
test output that would normally be excluded by any of the filtering rule sets in the 
decision. When you select this option, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a new 
column in the output table named _filter_. If the value in this column is 0, then 
the record does not match any of the conditions in any filtering rule set, and the 
record is filtered out of the output when the decision is run in a production 
environment. If the value in this column is 1, then the record matches at least 
one filtering condition, and the record is included in the output.
Note: This option is ignored if the decision does not contain a filtering rule set.
16Click Run to run the test. Alternatively, click Save  to save the test definition 
without running it.
The status of the test is indicated by the icon in the Status  column. For 
explanations of each icon, see “Status Icons for Tests” on page 306.
17Click  in the Results  column to view the results of the test. 
18In the test results window, click Test Results  in the navigation panel to display 
the URIs and other information for the test. Click Output , Code , or Log to 
display the output data set, the code that was generated by SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning , or the SAS log that was generated when the code was run.
TIP You can click on the values of character variables to display the 
entire value in a separate window. For data grid variables, you can 
choose to view the variable value in three different formats:
nClick the Data Grid  tab to view the data grid value as a table.
nClick the Formatted  tab to view the data grid as a formatted JSON 
character string.
nClick the Plain  tab to view the data grid as an unformatted character 
string.
TIP On the Log page, you can click  to download the log file.
Debugging Decision Tests
When you create a test, you can specify a variable to use as a debugging variable 
in the Input debug variable  field. You can specify an input-only variable or an input-Testing Decisions 287