Create and Add a New Object
On the Decision Flow  tab, you can create and add new objects of any type except 
models. On the Decision  tab, you can create and add new data query files, DS2 
code files, or Python code files.
1On the Decision Flow  tab, click , and drag the new object type onto the 
diagram where you want to add it. The New object  window appears.
On the Decision  tab:
aClick Add and select Data query , DS2 code file , or Python code file . If an 
object in the decision is selected, select Edit ð Add, and then select the 
object type. The Content Selection  window appears.
bClick New object type . The New object type  window appears.
2Enter a name for the new object if you do not want to use the default name. File 
names are limited to 32 characters and must be unique within a folder.
3(Optional) Enter a description. Descriptions are limited to 1000 characters.
TIP You can edit the description at any time in the Properties  panel.
4Click , and select the folder in which you want to save the object.
5(Optional) If you are creating a new data query file, select the editor that you 
want to use to create the file.
TIP For data query files that you choose to edit in SAS Studio, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  adds .cqy.df
 to the file name, and the file type is 
displayed as Data Query . 
For data query files that you choose to edit in the SQL editor, the file type 
is displayed as SQL. These files can return either a data grid or a single 
row of scalar variables. You can select the output type on the Properties 
tab.
For more information, see “Query Output Types and Editors” on page 160.
6Click Save . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a new object and adds it to the 
decision.
7Click  to save the decision.
8In the Properties  panel on the Decision Flow  tab, click Open  to open the new 
file in the editor. 
Alternatively, on the Decision  tab, click , click the Properties  tab, and then 
click Open  to open the new file in the editor.
9Define the content for the new object. For more information, see the following 
topics:232 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions