If you select an object that is used only in a nested decision, ensure that you also 
select the nested decision. If you did not check out the nested decision, the object 
that is used in the nested decision is not committed when you commit your work.
Your decision might use an older version of an object, or it might use different 
versions of the same object. The list of included objects has an entry for each object 
version that is used in the decision. If you select two versions of the same object, 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  checks out the oldest version. SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  checks out only one version of each selected object. If a selected object 
is an older version of the object, you must select the Update the decision to use 
the latest version of the selected objects  check box in the Choose Objects to 
Check Out  window in order to successfully check out the selected objects. When 
you select this option, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  asks you to confirm that you want 
to replace references to the selected versions of the objects with references to the 
latest version. References to any version of any objects that you do not select in the 
Choose Objects to Check Out  window remain unchanged when you commit the 
decision.
Checking Out and Committing Objects from within A 
Decision
If a decision is checked out, and if an object that is included in the decision is stored 
in a folder for which the check-out feature is enabled, then you can check out the 
object from within the decision. When you check out an included object, the decision 
is modified to use the checked-out copy of the object and is saved. When you 
commit the decision, all checked-out objects that are used in the decision are also 
committed.
If the object is a nested decision, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  does not display the 
list of objects that are included in the nested decision. You cannot check out a 
nested decision’s objects from within a decision. After you check out the nested 
decision, you can open the nested decision and check out its included objects from 
within the nested decision itself.
To check out an object from within a checked-out decision, right-click on the node 
for the object that you want to check out, and select Check out .
To commit a single object from within a checked-out decision, right-click on the node 
for the object, and select Commit . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  displays the Commit 
dialog for the object. For more information, see the topics about checking out and 
committing a version of a specific object type.
Concurrently Checking Out and Committing 
Decision Versions
The ability for multiple users to check out the same decision at the same time is 
controlled by the sas.decisions.checkout.allowConcurrentCheckout  configuration 
option.  This option is turned on by default.
When this option is turned on, different users can check out the same version of the 
same object at the same time. Because the objects that are checked out are saved 274 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions