6(Optional) Enter a description for the new lookup table. Descriptions are limited 
to 1000 characters. 
TIP You can edit the description later on the Properties  tab.
7Click , and select the folder where you want to create the new lookup table.
8Click Save . The application opens the new lookup table and displays the 
Lookup Table  tab.
TIP Objects that are saved in a folder for which the check-out and 
commit feature is enabled, such as the Decision Repository
 folder, 
must be checked out before they can be edited. 
9(Optional) If the lookup table is in a folder for which the check-out and commit 
feature is enabled, click the Versions  tab and check out the latest version of the 
lookup table. For more information, see “Check Out and Commit a Lookup Table 
Version” on page 131.
10Add entries to the new table either by importing a CSV file or by adding entries 
manually. See “Import Entries or Refresh Lookup Tables from CSV Files” on 
page 118 and “Add Lookup Table Entries” on page 119 for more information.
Importing and Exporting Lookup Tables
About Importing, Exporting, and Activating Lookup 
Tables
You can import lookup tables from and export lookup tables to comma-delimited 
(CSV) files. You can export an existing lookup table, edit the CSV file, and import 
the updated CSV file. You can export a lookup table from one environment and 
import it into another environment, or you can import and export lookup tables within 
the same environment.
IMPORTANT The import and export features in SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
are for modifying an existing lookup table. If you do not need to edit the CSV 
file, use either the SAS Viya Command-Line (sas-viya)SAS administrative 
CLI (sas-admin) or SAS Environment Manager to transfer lookup tables 
between SAS Viya environments. The recommended approach is to use the 
transfer plug-in to the sas-viyasas-admin CLI. The CLI preserves the ID and 
version history of the objects being transferred. For lookup tables, the CLI 
also preserves information about which rule sets use the lookup table. For 
information about the CLI, see SAS Viya Platform: Content Migration from Importing and Exporting Lookup Tables 117