Map Object Variables to Decision Variables
On the Decision Flow  tab, complete these steps:
1Select the object whose variables you want to map.
2(Optional) Click  to open the Input Variables  property panel.
3(Optional) Select Score rows in this data grid , and select the name of the data 
grid.
Note: This option appears only for objects that process data grid variables. For 
more information, see “Scoring Rows in a Data Grid” on page 249.
4(Optional) For each object variable in the Input Variable  column, select the 
decision variable that you want to map it to in the Maps To  column.
5(Optional) Click .
6If the object that you selected is a treatment group, select the data grid that 
contains the outcome of the treatment group.
7For each object variable in the Output Variable  column, select the decision 
variable that you want to map it to in the Maps To  column. For information about 
mapping variables for data query files, see “Decision Variables for Data Query 
Files” on page 161.
On the Decision  tab, complete these steps:
1Select the object for which you want to map variables.
2Click  to open the Properties  window.
3(Optional) Select Score rows in this data grid , and select the name of the data 
grid.
Note: This option appears only for rule sets, models, and decisions that process 
data grid variables. For more information, see “Scoring Rows in a Data Grid” on 
page 249.
4For each object variable in the Input Variable  column, select the decision 
variable that you want to map it to in the Maps To  column.
5If the selected node is a treatment group, select the data grid that contains the 
outcome of the treatment group.
6For each object variable in the Output Variable  column, select the decision 
variable that you want to map it to in the Maps To  column. For information about 
mapping variables for data query files, see “Decision Variables for Data Query 
Files” on page 161.
7Click OK to close the Properties  window.250 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions