Creating a New Version by Using Tags
About Using Tags to Create a Version
If the objects in a decision are tagged with version tags, you can create a new 
version of the decision by using these object tags to select which version of the 
included objects to use in the new decision version. This feature is useful when, for 
example, multiple users are developing the objects that are used within a decision. 
Each user can assign tags to object versions that they have developed for a new 
decision version. The person who is creating the new decision version can then use 
these tags to easily create the new version.
When you use version tags to create a new decision version, the versions of the 
included objects are ignored. Suppose your current decision uses version 1 of a rule 
set that has four versions. Versions 2 and 3 of the rule set are tagged with Tag_1, 
but versions 1 and 4 are not tagged. If you create a new decision version by 
specifying the tag Tag_1, you will be able to select either version 2 or 3 of the rule 
set for use in the new decision version. You cannot select version 4 of the rule set 
because it is not tagged with Tag_1.
Note: You cannot use tags to create new versions of common rule sets. To create a 
new version of a common rule set, open the rule set and select New Version  on the 
Versions  tab.
Create a New Version by Using Tags
TIP Before you begin, you need to know the version tags of the objects that 
you want to include in the new decision. 
1Open the decision for which you want to create a new version.
TIP For decisions that are in folders for which the check-out feature has 
been enabled, your administrator must give you permission to create a 
new version by using tags. For more information, see “Grant Permission 
to Create Versions in Check-Out Folders by Using Tags” in SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning: Administrator’s Guide .
2On the Versions  tab, click  and select Create version from tags . The Create 
Version From Tags  wizard opens.264 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions