nThe treatment is stored in a folder for which the check-out feature is enabled.
To check out or commit an individual treatment from within a checked-out treatment 
group,select the check box for the treatment on the Treatments  tab, click , and 
select Check out  or Commit . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  displays an asterisk next 
to the name of any treatment that is checked out from within the treatment group.
When you check out a treatment, the treatment group is modified to use the 
checked-out copy of the treatment, and SAS Intelligent Decisioning  enables the 
Commit  option in the menu.. When you commit a treatment group, all checked-out 
treatments that are used in the treatment group are also committed.
To cancel the check out of a treatment, select the check box for the treatment on the 
Treatments  tab, click , and select Cancel check out .
Concurrently Checking Out and Committing a 
Treatment or Treatment Group Versions
The ability for multiple users to check out the same treatment or treatment group at 
the same time is controlled by the 
sas.treatmentdefinitions.checkout.allowConcurrentCheckout  configuration option. 
This option is turned on by default.
When this option is turned on, different users can check out the same version of the 
same object at the same time. Because the objects that are checked out are saved 
in each user’s My Folder
 location, the default permissions allow individual users to 
see only the copies that they have checked out.
When this option is turned off and a user has checked out an object, the Check Out 
button for that object is disabled for all other users.
If multiple users check out the same version of the same object at the same time, 
each user’s changes are preserved in a new version when they commit their 
changes. One user’s changes do not overwrite another user’s changes.
IMPORTANT If two users attempt to commit changes to the same object 
simultaneously, the first user's attempt will succeed but the second user 
might see an error message that the commit has failed. If the second user 
subsequently commits their changes, the Modified By  column on the 
Versions  tab for both the version committed by the first user and the version 
committed by the second user displays the user ID of the second user.Checking Out and Committing Treatment or Treatment Group Versions 109