While you have a version checked out, the Decisions  category view shows two 
decisions with the same name, but the folders listed in the Location  column differ 
for each decision. The original version is in the location specified by the 
sas.decisions.checkout.checkoutEnabledFolderPaths configuration option, and the 
checked-out copy is in your My Folder
 folder.
TIP If an object that you have checked out does not appear in the category 
view, click  to refresh the category view.
Note: When a decision that uses a treatment group is deployed to a production 
environment, the decision always uses the active version of a treatment group. 
When you edit a decision that uses a treatment group that you have checked out, 
the properties panel for the treatment group shows the location of the treatment 
group in the original folder. The panel does not list the location of the treatment 
group that is checked out because that copy is not the active version.
A Commit  button appears at the top of the Versions  tab for the checked-out 
version. When you are finished editing the checked-out version, you must commit 
your changes in order for other users to be able to see them. When you commit 
your changes, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a new version with your changes. 
If you check out objects that are used in the decision and modify the checked-out 
decision to use the checked-out objects, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  also commits 
the checked-out objects when you commit the decision. If the decision uses a 
treatment group that is checked out, and if the treatments are also checked out, 
then the treatment group and the treatments are all committed when you commit the 
decision.
If the parent object is deleted before you commit your changes, you will not be able 
to commit your changes.
You cannot publish the checked-out version that is in My Folder
. To publish a 
version with your changes, you must commit your changes, and publish the 
committed version.
Checking Out and Committing Included Objects 
Together with A Decision
When you check out a decision version, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  displays the list 
of object versions that are used in the decision in the Choose Objects to Check Out 
window. You can select any object that you want to check out at the same time. For 
any object that you choose to check out, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  writes a 
working copy of the version into your My Folder
 folder, and updates the checked-
out decision so that it uses the checked-out versions of each object that you select. 
When you commit the decision, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  also commits the 
objects. If the decision includes a treatment group that is checked out, and if the 
treatment group includes treatments that are checked out, then both the treatment 
group and its checked-out treatments are committed when you commit the decision. 
However, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  does not automatically activate the newly 
committed version of the treatment group. See “Activate a Treatment Group” on 
page 94 for instructions for activating a treatment group.Checking Out and Committing Decision Versions 273