3(Optional) Enter a description of the filter.
4Click Save and filter  to save the filter and apply the filter to the object list.
To apply a saved filter to a category’s object list, click  beside the Filter  button, 
and select the filter that you want to use. If the filter specifies criteria that do not 
apply to the current object list, those criteria are ignored. For example, if you apply a 
filter that specifies a criterion for location to the Global Variables category view, that 
criterion is ignored.
To edit a saved filter:
1Apply the saved filter, and click Filter  to open the Filter  window.
2Edit the filter criteria, and click Save filter .
To delete a saved filter, click  beside the Filter  button, and click  for the filter 
that you want to delete.
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  Settings
In addition to the global settings  that are available with SAS Viya applications, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  provides two additional settings. To access these settings, 
click the user icon in the top right corner of the application window, select Settings 
to open the Settings  window, and click SAS Intelligent Decisioning .
nBy default, if you add an object to a decision and that decision does not already 
have a variable of the same name and data type as that object’s variable, then 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  displays the following message: Some objects in the decision define variables for which no corresponding decision variables have been created.
 You can turn on the Create variables 
automatically in decisions  setting if you want SAS Intelligent Decisioning  to 
automatically create decision variables. For more information, see “Mapping 
Variables within a Decision” on page 247.
nWhen you edit custom functions, custom code files, and rule expressions, the 
editor can display a list of SAS functions, custom functions, and variables whose 
names match the letters that you type (an autocomplete list is displayed). By 
default, the editor displays SAS function names and custom function names in 
the autocomplete list. You can control what is displayed in this list by selecting or 
clearing the check boxes for SAS functions , Custom functions , and Variables . 
If you clear all three check boxes, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  does not display 
the autocomplete list. 
Note: In order for changes to settings to take effect, you must sign out and sign 
back in to SAS Intelligent Decisioning .8Chapter 1 / Introduction to SAS Intelligent Decisioning