PropertyDescriptionInitial valueYou can specify an initial value for all data types except data grids. 
Initial values are not used when you run a custom function. For 
custom functions, initial values are only for documentation purposes.
Note: For content that will be published to a SAS Micro Analytic 
Service destination, the values of date and datetime input variables 
must be numeric. They cannot be formatted values such as 18jul2019
. Also, integer variables are converted to decimal variables 
when the content is published.DescriptionDescriptions are limited to 256 characters.
Syncing Variables and Code
To propagate changes that you enter on the Variables  tab to the code that is shown 
on the Code  tab, click Sync to Code  on the Variables  tab. Changes to variables 
are propagated only to the signature of the custom function. The rest of the custom 
function code is unchanged. Both output-only and input-and-output variables are 
added with the in_out
 keyword.
To propagate changes that you enter in the method signature on the Code  tab to 
the Variables  tab, click  and select Sync Variables  on the Code  tab. Variables 
that you add to the signature with the in_out
 keyword are added to the Variables 
tab as both input and output variables. Variables that are not specified with the in_out
 keyword are added to the Variables  tab as input-only variables. You can 
specify that any variable is both an input and output variable by selecting both the 
Input  and Output  check box on the Variables  tab.
If you make conflicting changes to both the Code  tab and the Variables  tab and 
then save the file, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  prompts you to select which tab 
contains the changes that you want to retain. If you make conflicting changes on the 
two tabs and then click a sync button, only the changes on the tab on which you 
click the sync button are retained. Those changes are then propagated to the other 
tab.
Note: You cannot manage local variables on the Variables  tab. Local variables are 
variables for which neither the Input  nor the Output  checkboxes are selected on the 
Variables  tab. If local variables are listed on the Variables  tab, these variables are 
removed from the tab when you save the code file or click a sync button.Managing the Variables in a Custom Function File 203