Create a New Version
Note: If you activate the only unlocked version of a lookup table, SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  automatically creates a new unlocked version. When you manually 
create a new version of a lookup table, previous versions are not locked. The only 
way to lock a version of a lookup table is to activate it. For more information, see 
“Activate a Lookup Table” on page 137.
Note: For objects that are stored in locations for which the check-out and commit 
feature is enabled, you cannot manually create a new version. The only way to 
create a new version is to check out an existing version and commit a new version. 
For information, see “Check Out and Commit a Lookup Table Version” on page 131.
IMPORTANT You cannot unlock a locked version. You cannot save 
changes to a version that is locked. If you modify a version that is locked and 
click , SAS Intelligent Decisioning  asks you if you want to replace the 
current unlocked version with your edited version.
To manually create a new version:
1On the Versions  tab, click the version number  for the existing version that you 
want to use as the basis for the new version.
2Click New Version . The New Version  window appears.
3Select the version type: Minor  or Major . Version numbers follow the format 
major .minor . If you select Major , the number to the left of the period is 
incremented. If you select Minor , the number to the right of the period is 
incremented.
4(Optional) For each version tag that you want to add, either enter a custom tag 
or begin typing and select a tag from the list of previously entered tags. Press 
Enter after each tag.
Note: A tag is limited to 100 characters.
TIP All tags that have been previously entered for any object are saved 
in the list that is displayed when you start typing. You cannot delete tags 
from this list.
5(Optional) Enter information about the new version in the Notes  field.
TIP You can edit these notes at any time on the Versions  tab.126 Chapter 4 / Working with Lookup Tables and Functions