When you paste the contents, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a new version 
of the target rule set. The target object contains only the pasted content.
3Select whether you want to create a new major or minor version.
4(Optional) Modify the notes that will be associated with new version. 
5(Optional) Add tags that will be associated with the new version. Tags that are 
associated with a source object version are not automatically added to the new 
version. See “Add a Version Tag” on page 58
6Click Paste Version , and then click Yes.
TIP The input and output designations for a variable on the Variables  tab 
for the new version are removed, and the variable is treated as a temporary 
variable in the following situations:
nThe new version of the target object does not use a variable that is used 
in an earlier version.
nThe source and target object originally had a variable of the same name, 
and you deleted the variable from the source object before you copied it 
into the target object.
Note: When you copy the contents of a source object into a target object, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  creates a relationship between the two objects. If the source 
object is modified after you copy its contents, and you later copy the contents of the 
target object back into the source object, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  displays a 
warning message. Verify that you want to replace the current contents of the source 
object before you paste the new content.
Delete a Version
IMPORTANT When you delete a specific version, that version is deleted 
permanently. It is not moved into the recycle bin, and it cannot be restored.
Note:  In order to be able to delete a specific version of an object, you must have 
permission to delete the object itself. Also, the configuration option 
sas.businessrules.deleteVersions must be turned on.
On the Versions  tab, select the version that you want to delete, click , and select 
Delete .
You cannot delete the current version.Managing Versions of Rule Sets 51