Add a Cross-Branch Link
1Right-click the source node (the node where you want the link to start), and 
select Add รฐ Cross-branch link . The New Cross-branch Path  window appears. 
This window displays the nodes that you can link to from the current source 
node. When you select a target node in the New Cross-branch Path  window, that 
node is highlighted in the decision diagram.
2Select the node to which you want to link, and click OK.
Add a Micro Analytic Module
When you publish content to a SAS Micro Analytic Service destination, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  generates code for the content and writes that code as a 
module in SAS Micro Analytic Service. You can use a Micro Analytic Module node in 
a decision to call a SAS Micro Analytic Service module. Micro Analytic Module 
nodes use the MASCall package to call published modules. You can call the 
modules only for published decisions.
When you add a Micro Analytic Module node to a decision, the decision always 
uses the most recently published version of the selected module. You do not need 
to edit and republish the decision in order to pick up newly published versions of the 
selected modules.
Note: SAS Micro Analytic Service modules that are referenced in a Micro Analytic 
Module node can use data grids as local variables, but the data grids cannot be 
passed as input or output parameters to the module.
To execute a decision that contains a Micro Analytic Module node, the setting of the 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
sas.decisions.masnode.removeTrailingUnderscoresFromInput  configuration option 
must match the setting of the SAS Micro Analytic Service configuration option 
service.removetrailingunderscoresfrominputs .
IMPORTANT You can publish decisions that contain Micro Analytic Module 
nodes only to SAS Micro Analytic Service destinations and Git destinations 
that are compatible with SAS Micro Analytic Service.
Using the %DCM_EXECUTE_DECISION macro to execute in batch a 
decision that contains a Micro Analytic Module node is not supported. 
Execution times and performance might be unacceptable.
To add a Micro Analytic Module node to a decision:
1On the Decision Flow  tab, click , and drag the Micro Analytic Module  object 
onto the diagram where you want to add it. Alternatively, on the Decision  tab, 
select Add รฐ Micro Analytic Module . If an object in the decision is selected, 
select Edit รฐ Add below  รฐ Micro Analytic Module .246 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions