check box for any variable that you do not want to be mapped to a column in an 
input table or for which you do not want to specify a value.
TIP If the sas.businessrules.inputVariableReadOnly configuration option 
is set to Off and the value of an input-only character variable is modified in 
a rule set, the modified value is passed back to the parent decision and is 
available to the remaining objects in the decision. For more information, 
see “sas.businessrules.inputVariableReadOnly” in SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning: Administrator’s Guide .
nOutput variables are variables that are written to the output table that is created 
when a rule set is run. When you create or edit a variable, clear the Output 
check box for any variable that you want to exclude from the output data. 
nTemporary variables are variables that are not present in the input data, and they 
are not written to the output table. To create a temporary variable for use only 
while a rule set is executing, clear both the Input  and Output  check boxes.
When you create a new variable, it is created as an input-output variable by default.
Note: Binary variables are supported in decisions only as input variables or 
temporary variables in order to support models that require binary data.
Add Variables from a Data Table
1On the Variables  tab, click the Rule Set Variables  subtab.
2Click Add variable  and select Data table . The Choose Data  window appears, 
and the list of SAS Cloud Analytic Services (CAS) tables that are loaded into 
memory is displayed on the Available  tab. 
If the table that you need does not appear in the list of available tables, try the 
following solutions:
nIf the table appears on the Data Sources  tab, right-click on the table, and 
select Load  to load the table into memory. If the table does not appear on the 
Available  tab, click .
nIf the table does not appear on the Data Sources  tab, import the data. The 
process of importing the data loads it into memory. For information about 
importing data from different sources, see “Making Data Available to CAS” in 
SAS Data Explorer: User’s Guide .
3Select the table from which you want to import variables, and click OK. The Add 
Variables  window appears.
4Select the variables that you want to import and click . To import all of the 
variables in the table, click .
5Click Add to add the select variables, or click Add and replace  to replace 
existing variables that have the same name.18Chapter 2 / Working with Rule Sets