1Click Add variable  and select Custom variable . The Add Variables  window 
appears.
2Complete these steps for each variable that you want to add:
aEnter the name of the new variable, and select the data type of the variable. 
See “The Properties of a Variable” on page 202 for additional information.
TIP To re-add a variable that was used in a locked version, you must 
specify the same data type that was used in the previous version.
b(Optional) Click Optional  to display the Description , Initial value , and 
Length  fields.
c(Optional) Enter a length, initial value, and description for the new variable. 
Whether you can specify an intial value or length for the variable depends on 
the variable's data type. See “The Properties of a Variable” on page 202 for 
additional information.
dClick Add. SAS Intelligent Decisioning  adds the new variable to the table of 
variables at the bottom of the window. By default, variables are added to the 
table as both input and output variables.
eVerify that the Input  and Output  check boxes are selected correctly for each 
variable.
nClear the Input  check box for any variable that you do not want to be 
mapped to a column in an input table or for which you do not want to 
specify a value.
nClear the Output  check box for any variable that you want to exclude 
from the output data. 
nClear both the Input  and Output  check boxes to create a temporary 
variable.
3(Optional) Modify the variable properties in the table of variables.
4Click OK to add the variables and close the Add Variables  window.
5Click Sync to Code  to add the variables to the code that is on the Code  tab, and 
then save the file. For more information, see “Syncing Variables and Code” on 
page 203.
Duplicate a Variable
1On the Variables  tab, select the variable that you want to duplicate, click , and 
select Duplicate . The Duplicate Variable  window appears.
2Enter a new name for the duplicate variable.
3(Optional) Enter a description for the variable.
4Click Duplicate .Managing the Variables in a Custom Function File 205