Click  next to nested decision names to display the list of objects within the nested 
decision that use the selected variable. Click  and  to open and close the list 
objects within the nested decision.
Click Export  to export the Used By report to a PDF file. In the PDF file, you can 
click on an object name to open the object in a new browser tab.
Adding Objects to a Decision
Add an Existing Object
1On the Decision Flow  tab, click  to open the Content Selection  window, and 
then drag the object from the list onto the diagram where you want to add it.
On the Decision  tab:
aClick Add and select the object type that you want to add to the decision. If 
an object in the decision is selected, select Edit ð Add, and then select the 
object type. The Content Selection  window appears.
TIP If you do not have permission to update an object, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning displays (Read-Only)
 in the title bar next to the 
object name, and the buttons for modifying and saving the object are 
disabled.
bSelect the object that you want to add, and click OK. 
Note: The objects that are included in a decision determine the destination 
types to which you can publish the decision. For more information, see 
“Where Can I Publish Decisions?” on page 279.
IMPORTANT It is recommended that you do not add a decision as a 
nested decision within itself.
If you are using the default settings, and you have not already defined decision 
variables with the same name and data type as the object’s input and output 
variables, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  displays the following message: Some objects in the decision define variables for which no corresponding decision variables have been created.
A decision that includes an object must define decision variables to which you 
can map the object’s variables. If a decision does not already have a variable of 
the same name and data type as an object’s variable, then SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  displays the message. For more information, see “About Decision 
Variables and Mapping” on page 247.230 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions