A decision can contain multiple record contacts nodes. For example, your decision 
might have different paths for different channels, and you might want a record 
contacts node on each path.
Add a Record Contacts Node
1On the Decision Flow  tab, select , and drag the Record Contacts  object onto 
the diagram where you want to add it. SAS Intelligent Decisioning  opens the 
Properties  panel for the node.
Alternatively, on the Decision  tab, select Add รฐ Record contacts . If an object 
in the decision is selected, select Edit รฐ Add below  รฐ Record contacts .
2(Recommended) Rename the record contacts node. Record contacts node 
names must be unique within the decision. To rename the node:
aOn the Decision Flow  tab, click  for the node, and select Rename . 
Alternatively, on the Decision  tab, select the node, and select Edit รฐ 
Rename . The Rename  window appears.
bEnter a new name and click Rename .
TIP When a decision is executed in a destination other than a SAS 
Micro Analytic Service destination, the record contacts node writes 
information to a variable. The name of this variable is based on the name 
of the record contacts node: rt_node-name
. If you define a variable with 
this name on the Variables  tab, the data in your decision variable will be 
overwritten by the record contacts node. To avoid this, rename either the 
record contacts node or the decision variable.
3Click  to edit the properties of the record contacts node.
4(Optional) Select the variable that contains the channel information to which you 
want to attribute the contact data that is recorded by the node.
5(Optional) Select the variables whose values you want to record.
Note: You cannot track data grids in record contacts node because of the 
amount of space required to store the data. For character variables, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  stores only the first 4000 characters of the value.
6(Optional) Select Track treatments  if you want to record which treatments are 
sent to the calling application. Then, select the data grid variable for the specific 
set of treatments that you want to track.
TIP If you specify a subject ID or subject level in the decision properties, 
this information is included in the records that are generated for the record 
contacts node. If you do not specify the subject ID or subject level, the 
subject ID or subject level is recorded as NONE
.234 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions