TIP You cannot use global variables in models in SAS Model Manager. You 
can pass the value of a global variable into a model by mapping a model 
input parameter to a global variable. For more information, see “Mapping 
Variables within a Decision” on page 247.
After you create and activate a global variable, you can add it to the Global 
Variables  tab of a rule set or a decision. You can use global variables in conditional 
expressions, but you cannot modify the value of a global variable in a rule set or in a 
decision.
When you add a rule set that uses a global variable to a decision, SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  creates a decision variable with the same name as the global variable. 
When you test the decision, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  assigns the current value of 
the global variable to the decision variable. When you run a published decision, the 
value that is assigned to the decision variable depends on the destination type. For 
information, see “Content Executed by Published Decisions” on page 309.
When you add a common rule set to an assignment rule set and the common rule 
set uses global variables, you must manually add the global variables to the 
assignment rule set.
Note: The decision variable is not a global variable, but it has the same name and 
value as the global variable. For more information about decision variables, see 
“About Decision Variables and Mapping” on page 247.
For more information, see “Add Global Variables to a Rule Set” on page 19 and 
“Add Global Variables to a Decision” on page 225.
Create a New Global Variable
1Click  to navigate to the Global Variables  category view.
2Click New Global Variable . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  displays the New Global 
Variable  window.
3Enter a name for the variable.
4(Optional) Enter a description for the new global variable. Descriptions are 
limited to 1000 characters.
TIP You can edit the description later on the Properties  tab.
5Select the variable’s data type.
6Enter a value for the variable. To enter a value for a date or datetime variable, 
click  or , and select the value in the date or datetime picker.
7Click Save  to create the variable.142 Chapter 5 / Managing Global Variables