for that decision in that destination. For more information, see “Validate a 
Published Decision” on page 303.
Test a Decision
Create and Run a New Test
Testing a decision is optional, but doing so is a best practice. Testing enables you to 
discover any problems before the decision is published and incorporated into a 
production system.
IMPORTANT If you are testing a decision that uses functions that are 
defined in a custom context file, verify that the context file is specified in the 
Custom context  field on the Properties  before running the test.
If you are testing a decision that uses treatment groups and both the decision 
and the treatment group are checked out, the test uses the checked-out 
version of the treatment group. If the treatment group is not checked out, the 
test uses the activated version of the treatment group.
If the decision uses a rule set that uses a lookup table and all three objects 
(the decision, the treatment group, and the lookup table) are checked out, the 
test uses the checked-out versions of both the rule set and the lookup table. 
If the rule set or lookup table are not checked out, the test uses the activated 
version of the lookup table.
1On the Scoring  tab, click the Tests  tab. 
2Click New Test . The New Test  window appears.
3Enter a name for the test if you do not want to use the default name. The name 
cannot contain forward slashes (/) or curly braces ({}).
4(Optional) Enter a description for the test. Descriptions are limited to 1000 
characters.
5(Optional) Click  for the Location  field, and select the folder where you want to 
save the test definition and results.
TIP Selecting a location is optional, but it is highly recommended. 
Storing test definitions and test results in a folder simplifies the tasks of 
setting permissions and transferring the test files.
6Click  for the Input table  field, select the input table for the test, and click OK. 
7Verify or change the variable mappings. To run a full test, map all of the input 
variables to columns in the input table that you selected for the test. To run a 
partial test, you can map only the input variables that are needed for the test.Testing Decisions 285