1On the Scoring  tab, click the Publishing Validation  tab. The  icon in the 
Status  column indicates that the test is not ready to run. The  icon indicates 
that the test is ready to run.
2Click on the test name. The Edit Publishing Validation Test  window appears.
Note: To generate the name of the publishing validation test, SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  appends a timestamp to the decision name. The timestamp 
indicates when the decision was published.
3(Optional) Click  in the Location  field, and select the folder where you want to 
save the test definition and results.
TIP Selecting a location is optional, but it is highly recommended. 
Storing test definitions and test results in a folder simplifies the tasks of 
setting permissions and transferring the test files.
4Click  in the Input table  field, and select the input table for the test.
Note: For content that will be published to a SAS Micro Analytic Service 
destination, the values of date and datetime input variables must be numeric. 
They cannot be formatted values such as 18jul2019
. Also, integer variables are 
converted to decimal variables when the content is published.
Note: If the input table contains a character column, and that column contains 
control characters in any row, do not use the table as input for publishing 
validation tests.
If you are validating content that was published to SAS Micro Analytic Service, 
the time required to run the test depends on the number of worker threads on 
your system, the number of threads in the middle tier, and the network latency 
between CAS and the middle tier server. It is recommended that you select an 
input table with as few input records as needed to accurately test the published 
content. See SAS Micro Analytic Service: Programming and Administration 
Guide  for more information.
5(Optional) Expand the Advanced  section, click  in the Output data library 
field, and select a library to store the validation test output data.
6Click Run to run the test. Alternatively, click Save  to save the test definition 
without running it.
The status of the test is indicated by the icon in the Status  column. For 
explanations of each icon, see “Status Icons for Tests” on page 306.
7Click  in the Results  column to view the test results. 
8In the test results window, click Test Results  in the navigation panel to display 
the URIs and other information for the test. Click Output , Code , or Log to 
display the output data set, the code that was generated by SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning , or the SAS log that was generated when the code was run.304 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions