TIP To discard the changes and delete the checked-out version from My Folder
, you can commit the object without saving it first. However, 
committing the object without saving creates a new version of the object 
whose contents match the contents of the previous version. For 
information on undoing a check out, see “Undoing a Check Out” on page 
277.
6On the Versions  tab, click Commit . The Commit Decision Version  window 
appears.
7Select the version type: Minor  or Major . Version numbers follow the format 
major .minor . If you select Major , the number to the left of the period is 
incremented, and the minor number is reset to zero. If you select Minor , the 
number to the right of the period is incremented.
8(Optional) In the Version tags  field, enter any version tags that you want to 
associate with the new version. Press Enter after each tag. Tags are limited to 
100 characters each and cannot contain the following characters: $ ' " # & ? ( ) \ /
9(Optional) To add the tags in the Version tags  field to all of the objects that you 
are committing, select the Apply tags to all committed components  check 
box.
10(Optional) Enter information about the new version in the Notes  field.
11Click Commit . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a new version with your 
changes, and deletes the working copy from your My Folder
 folder. If you have 
checked out any objects that are used in the decision, and if the decision is 
updated to use the checked-out objects, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  also 
commits the additional objects.
Determine Whether a Version Is Checked Out
If an object in a decision is checked out, an asterisk appears before the object name 
in the diagram on the Decision Flow  tab.
Also, the Properties  panel for each object in the decision specifies whether the 
object is checked out.
Determine Who Has a Version Checked Out
If the current version of an object is checked out, the IDs of the users that checked it 
out and the timestamps when each user checked it out appear in the Checked out 
by field on the Properties  tab for the original object. You can also display this 
information by clicking  beside the version number on the Versions  tab.276 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions