Python Code Files
About Publishing Destinations and Python 
Distributions
IMPORTANT You can publish decisions that contain Python code files only 
to SAS Micro Analytic Service destinations, SAS Cloud Analytic Services 
(CAS) destinations, and container destinations.
When you publish a decision that contains a Python code file, SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  generates a private DS2 PyMAS package. The package is assigned a 
random name. Your Python program is encapsulated inside a DS2 EXECUTE 
method. When the decision is executed, the DS2 process sends the Python 
program to a Python process to be executed.
In SAS Micro Analytic Service and CAS destinations, an executing decision uses 
the Python distribution that is installed at your site. In container destinations, 
executing decisions use the Python base image that is included in the published 
container. For information about the Python base image that is included in published 
containers, see “About a SAS Container Runtime Image” in SAS Container 
Runtime: Programming and Administration Guide . For information about the 
standard libraries that are distributed with specific versions of Python, see https://
docs.python.org .
Rules For Developing Python Code Files
When you are developing your Python code, follow these rules:
nYour Python code must define an EXECUTE function. This function is the only 
public function allowed.
nAn Output:
 docstring is required. This string must immediately follow the Python 
EXECUTE function declaration, and it must be indented within the EXECUTE 
function definition. In the docstring, list all of the output variables produced by the 
program. For example, if your program has two output variables named prediction
 and probability
, your docstring would appear as follows:'''Output: prediction, probability'''
nIf your Python code uses packages that are not built-in packages, list these 
packages in the DependentPackages:
 docstring. For more information, see 
“Required Dependencies For Python Files in SAS Container Runtime 
Destinations” on page 158.
nOptional input arguments to the Python EXECUTE function are not supported.Python Code Files 157