Import Scenario Test Definitions
You can import scenario test values from a comma-delimited (CSV) file. Each line in 
the CSV file is imported as one scenario test. In the CSV file, add a column of 
values for each variable. In the header row, enter the names of the input variables 
and of the output variables with _expected
 appended to the name.
For example, suppose your scenario test has the input variables policyholder
, cscore
, and claims
, and it has the output variables eligible
 and policies
. An 
import file for this test might appear in a spreadsheet application as shown in the 
following figure.
The policies output variable in this example is a data grid variable. To enter values 
for data grid variables, use the JSON string format described in “Introduction to Data 
Grids” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Using Data Grids .
The format for date and datetime variables depends on your locale. Use the same 
format that is created by the date and datetime pickers when you click  or  to 
enter initial values for custom variables on the Variables  tab.
To import scenario test definitions:
1On the Scoring  tab, click the Scenarios  subtab, and then click Import 
Scenarios . The Import Scenarios  window appears.
2In the Import from  field, click  and select the CSV file that contains the 
scenario test values.
Note: The import file is limited to 10 MB.
3Select or enter the encoding of the CSV file.
4Enter a prefix for the scenario test definitions. SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
appends a number to this prefix for each test definition. The prefix can include 
double-byte characters and special characters, including single quotation marks.
5(Optional) Click  for the Folder location  field, and select the folder where you 
want to save the test definitions.
6Click  for the Output table location  field, and select the folder where you want 
to save the test results.
7(Optional) Select Enable variable change path logging  to enable variable 
change path logging for the imported tests. For more information, see “Using 
Variable Change Path Logging” on page 294.
8Select Enable variable assignment logging  to enable variable assignment 
logging for the imported tests. For more information, see “Using Variable 
Assignment Logging” on page 296.Testing Decisions 293