5Define the condition expression for the rule. See “About Defining Expressions” 
on page 33 for additional information.
To add additional condition expressions to the selected rule, select Add ð 
Condition .
TIP To move condition expressions up or down within an IF clause, 
select the expression and click  or .
6(Optional) Change the order of the rules. Rules are evaluated sequentially. To 
move a rule up or down within a rule set, select the rule and click  or .
7(Optional) Change the name of the rule. Rule names are limited to 100 
characters and must be unique within a rule set. For instructions, see “Rename a 
Rule” on page 42.
TIP Assigning logical names to the rules makes it easier to determine 
which rules fired when you review rule-fired data.
8(Optional) Clear the Record rule-fired data  check box if you do not want a rule-
fired record to be written each time this rule fires. See “How Rules Are Evaluated 
and When Rule-Fired Records Are Generated” on page 32 for more 
information.
9Click  to save the rule set. SAS Intelligent Decisioning  validates the syntax of 
the expressions. If it does not detect any problems, it saves the rule set. 
Copy Rules From Another Rule Set
The menu option Copy from rule set  appears in the Add menu for a rule set. The 
rule set must contain at least one rule in order for this menu option to appear. 
Adding a rule from another rule set does not replace any of the rules in the rule set 
that you are editing.
1Open the rule set into which you want to add the rule, and click the Rule Set  tab.
2If the rule set does not already contain a rule, click Add rule . 
3Select the existing rule after which you want to add IF rules or to which you want 
to add an ELSE rule. If you do not select a rule, then SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
adds copied rules to the end of the rule set.
4Click Add and select Copy from rule set . The Copy Rules  window appears. 
This window displays the latest version of every rule in every rule set that you 
have permission to view.
5Select the rules that you want to copy, and click Copy .
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  adds the selected rules to the rule set together with 
any new variables that these rules need.30Chapter 2 / Working with Rule Sets