3Enter a name for the test if you do not want to use the default name. The name 
cannot contain forward slashes (/) or curly braces ({}).
4(Optional) Click  for the Test definition location  field, and select the folder 
where you want to save the test definition.
TIP Selecting a test definition location is optional, but it is highly 
recommended. Storing test definitions in a folder simplifies the tasks of 
setting permissions and transferring the test files.
5Click  for the Output table location  field, and select the folder where you want 
to save the test results.
6(Optional) Select the version of the code file that you want to test.
7(Optional) Enter a description for the test. Descriptions are limited to 1000 
characters.
8Enter the values that you want to use for each input variable. You do not have to 
enter values for every input variable. At run time, SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
uses missing values to input variables for which you do not specify a value. 
Note: Values longer than 32767 characters for character variables that are 
either input-only or input-output will be truncated. You cannot enter input values 
for variables of type binary or of type varying-length binary.
To enter values for the columns in a data grid variable:
aClick in the Value  field, and then click . The Edit Data Grid  window 
appears.
bClick  to add the row, and then enter the values for each column.
Repeat this step for each row of values that you want to add to the data grid.
TIP By default, data grid column names appear across the top of the 
data grid view, and row numbers appear down the left side. You can 
click  to change the view of the data grid so that row numbers 
appear across the top and data grid column names appear down the 
left side.
cClick OK to save the data grid values and close the Edit Data Grid  window.
9(Optional) For each output variable, select the Include  check box and enter the 
expected output value. The Include  check box controls whether a variable’s 
expected value is used to determine the status of a scenario test. If you select 
Include  for a variable and the test does not return the expected value, the test 
status is set to Completed with warnings ( ). If you do not select the check box, 
the application ignores the expected value of that variable when it determines 
the status of the test.
To enter expected values for the columns in a data grid variable, click in the 
Expected Output  field, and follow the instructions in Step 8 .Testing Code Files 191