Decision Status Values in the Workflow
The basic movement of a decision version through the workflow status values is 
shown in the following figure.
Until the version’s status is set to Deployed, the version can be moved back to a 
previous status value. The following figure shows all of the possible transitions 
between status values.
Note: These diagrams do not show the actual workflow. They show only the 
possible changes in a version’s status value as it moves through the workflow.
When the SID Asset Approval workflow is enabled, the Status  column in the 
Decisions  category view shows the current status of the latest version of each 
decision that was created when the workflow was enabled. The same status value is 
displayed on the Properties  tab and in the Properties  panel in the Decisions 
category view. The Status  column is blank for decisions that were created when the 
workflow was not enabled.
The Status  column on the Versions  tab displays the status value for each version 
of a decision. On the Versions  tab, you can click  to view or change the version’s 
status and to edit the comments that are associated with the version’s status. For 
more information, see “Change the Workflow Status of a Decision” on page 254.
If a version's status is not set to Developing,  appears beside the version number 
in the Version column. You can edit or delete a decision version only if its status is 
set to Developing. You can delete a version only if its status is blank, or if its status 
is set to Developing and the version’s status has never been set to Deployed. After 
a version’s status has been set to Deployed, the version cannot be deleted, and its 
status cannot be changed. To make additional changes to the decision, you must 
create a new version.
The  icon also appears next to the version number for any version that is not the 
latest version. You can edit the content of only the latest version of a decision, and 
you can edit its content only if its status is Developing. You can change the workflow 
status of any version if you have the appropriate permissions and the decision’s 
status has never been set to Deployed.218 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions