2(Optional) Select a specific version of the code file. SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
narrows the list to include only the objects that use the selected version of the 
code file.
Note: The View used by report  option is also available from within an open code 
file.
In the report, you can use the Filter  field to filter the list of objects based on the 
object names. Click on an object name to open the object. Click  next to an object 
name to display the date on which the object was last modified and the ID of the 
user who modified the object. For decisions and code files that have been checked 
out, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  also displays the IDs of the users that have checked 
out the objects. For decisions, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  includes the decision’s 
workflow status.
Click Export  to export the Used By report to a PDF file. In the PDF file, you can 
click on an object name to open the object in a new browser tab.
Checking Out and Committing Code File 
Versions
About Checking Out and Committing Versions
Your administrator can enable the check-out and commit feature for custom code 
files that are in any folder by specifying the folder in the 
sas.decisions.checkout.checkoutEnabledFolderPaths configuration option. Enabling 
this feature for a folder does not automatically modify the permissions for the folder 
or for the objects in it. You can still modify a code file in the folder without checking it 
out, but you are expected to check out the latest version before you edit it. However, 
your administrator might also set permissions that require you to check out code 
files in these folders before you can edit them. For more information, see 
“sas.decisions.checkout” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Administrator’s Guide  and 
“Set Permissions for Check-Out Folders” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: 
Administrator’s Guide .
By default, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  defines a folder where you can store code 
files that must be checked out before they can be edited. This folder is the Decision Repository
 folder, and it is the default value for the 
sas.decisions.checkout.checkoutEnabledFolderPaths configuration option. The 
default permissions for this folder require that non-administrative users check out a 
version and commit their changes to the checked-out version. Users who do not 
have administrative permissions cannot edit the code files in Decision Repository 
without first checking them out.
IMPORTANT When you create a custom code file in a folder for which the 
check-out feature is enabled, you must check out the code file before you can 182 Chapter 6 / Using Custom Code Files