Click Export  to export the results comparison as a comma-separated values 
(CSV) file. The result depends on which browser you are using and the 
browser’s default download actions. The browser might automatically download 
the file and display a notification in the bar at the bottom of the browser window. 
Alternatively, the browser might prompt you to save the file or open it with a 
specific application.
Working with Test Output Data
After you run a test, you can work with the output table in other SAS applications to 
analyze the data, create and compare models, discover relationships hidden in the 
data, and generate reports based on the data.
Note: The actions available to you depend on the applications that are available at 
your site.
On the Test Results  page, select the Output  table in the navigation pane, click 
Actions , and select one of the following options:
Explore Lineage
opens SAS Lineage Viewer. SAS Lineage Viewer enables you to better 
understand the relationships between objects in your SAS Viya applications. 
These objects include data, transformation processes, reports, and 
visualizations. For more information, see SAS Lineage: User’s Guide .
Explore and Visualize Data
opens the output table in SAS Visual Analytics. SAS Visual Analytics enables 
you to create, test, and compare models based on the patterns discovered 
during exploration of the data. You can export the model before or after 
performing model comparison for use with other SAS products or to put the 
model into production. SAS Visual Analytics supports a range of visualization, 
discovery, and reporting features. For more information, see Welcome to SAS 
Visual Analytics .
Prepare Data
opens the output table in SAS Data Studio. SAS Data Studio enables you to 
perform data transforms such as joining tables, appending data to a table, 
transposing columns, creating calculated columns, and so on. For more 
information, see SAS Data Studio: User’s Guide .
Status Icons for TestsIconStatusThe test is not ready to run. The test definition is not complete, or it might 
contain errors.194 Chapter 6 / Using Custom Code Files