Test a Scenario
Create and Run a Scenario Test
IMPORTANT If you are a testing rule set that uses functions that are 
defined in a custom context file, verify that the context file is specified in the 
Test custom context  field on the Properties  tab before running the test.
If you are testing a rule set that uses a lookup table and both the rule set and 
the lookup table are checked out, the rule set test uses the checked-out 
version of the lookup table. If the lookup table is not checked out, the test 
uses the activated version of the lookup table.
1On the Scoring  tab, click the Scenarios  tab. 
2Click New Test . The New Scenario Test  window appears.
3Enter a name for the test if you do not want to use the default name. The name 
cannot contain forward slashes (/) or curly braces ({}).
4(Optional) Click  for the Test definition location  field, and select the folder 
where you want to save the test definition.
TIP Selecting a test definition location is optional, but it is highly 
recommended. Storing test definitions in a folder simplifies the tasks of 
setting permissions and transferring the test files.
5Click  for the Output table location  field, and select the folder where you want 
to save the test results.
6(Optional) Select the version of the rule set that you want to test.
7(Optional) Enter a description for the test. Descriptions are limited to 1000 
characters.
8Enter the values that you want to use for each input variable. You do not have to 
enter values for every input variable. At run time, SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
uses missing values to input variables for which you do not specify a value. 
Note: Values longer than 32767 characters for character variables that are 
either input-only or input-output will be truncated. You cannot enter input values 
for variables of type binary or of type varying-length binary.
To enter values for the columns in a data grid variable:
aClick in the Value  field, and then click . The Edit Data Grid  window 
appears.Testing Rule Sets 67