8For each outgoing path that you want to add to the branch node, complete the 
following steps:
aClick  to add the path. 
Note: SAS Intelligent Decisioning  automatically adds a path labeled Other .
bSpecify the values or expressions for the path.Branch 
TypeValues or ExpressionsEqualsSpecify a comparison variable or constant of the branch variable 
for the path. See “About Equals Branches” on page 238 for more 
information.RangeSpecify a minimum value, a maximum value, or both for the 
branch variable. Minimum and maximum values are optional. If 
you do not specify a minimum value, the minimum is treated as 
negative infinity. If you do not specify a maximum value, the 
maximum is treated as positive infinity. If the minimum and 
maximum are the same value, the path is followed only if the 
branch variable is equal to that value. The minimum and 
maximum boundary values are inclusive.
If the minimum or maximum values for any ranges are static and 
overlapping, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  displays a warning, but 
you can still publish the decision. See “About Range Branches” 
on page 239 for more information.LikeSpecify the LIKE expression for the path in single quotation 
marks. See “Using the LIKE Operator” on page 38 and “About 
Like Branches” on page 240 for more information.
9(Optional) Click  or  to reorder the paths. Branch paths are evaluated in 
order. The decision follows the first path that evaluates to True.
10(Optional) Combine branch paths. For Equals and Like branches, you can select 
the OR check box to combine a branch path with the path that immediately 
follows it. The application combines the conditions for the branch paths by using 
the OR operator.
11If you are working on the Decision  tab, click OK to add the branches to the 
decision and close the Properties panel.
12In the decision diagram, add objects to the outgoing branch paths.
On the Decision Flow  tab, right-click on the branch node, and select Add to 
branch path  ð Branch label  ð Object type .
On the Decision  tab, select Edit ð Add to branch path  ð Branch label  ð 
Object type .
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  opens the appropriate window, depending on the 
object type.
For more information, see the following topics:242 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions