LIKE Expression ExampleMatching Resultslike 'S%th'Smith, Smooth
Using Functions in Expressions
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  supports the following functions in expressions:
nLOOKUP and LOOKUPVALUE functions. Condition expressions can contain the 
LOOKUP function, and action expressions can contain the LOOKUPVALUE 
function. However, if the expression contains the LOOKUP or LOOKUPVALUE 
function, then the expression cannot contain anything else. For more 
information, see “Enter LOOKUP and LOOKUPVALUE Expressions” on page 35, 
“LOOKUP Function” on page 137, and “LOOKUPVALUE Function” on page 138.
nSAS DS2 functions. For additional information about these functions and 
additional DS2 functions, see SAS DS2 Language Reference .
nSAS Data Quality Server functions. For information about these functions, see 
“Functions and CALL Routines” in SAS Data Quality and SAS Data Quality 
Server: Language Reference . These functions appear in the expression editor 
only if SAS Data Quality Server is installed.
Note: You cannot publish rule sets that use SAS Data Quality functions to 
container destinations. Also, rule sets that use these functions fail when they are 
run inside the database.
nData grid functions. For more information about these functions, see “Data Grid 
Functions” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Using Data Grids .
nCustom DS2 functions that you define in SAS Intelligent Decisioning  or by using 
the sid-functions CLI. For more information, see Chapter 7, “Using Custom 
Functions,” on page 197 and “sid-functions Plug-In” in SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning: Command-Line Interfaces .
To enter a function in an expression, use the Expression Editor. See “Using the 
Expression Editor” on page 33 for more information.
Working with Missing Values
You can use the MISSING function to check for missing numeric and character 
values. This function returns 0 (false) or 1 (true). Missing values have a value of false
 when you use them with logical operators such as AND or OR. You can use 
the MISSING function to eliminate errors, notes, and warnings in the SAS log that 
are caused by missing values.
In expressions, you can use the period (.) to denote missing numeric values, and 
two single quotation marks with no space (the empty string ''
 ) to denote missing 
character values.40Chapter 2 / Working with Rule Sets