Note: A workflow can be canceled by an administrator in SAS Workflow Manager if 
its status has not been set to Deployed.
View the Status Change History
You must have permission to view the status history. For more information, see 
“Granting Access to the History of Workflow Status Changes” in SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning: Administrator’s Guide .
To view the history of workflow status changes for a decision:
1Open the decision, click , and select View status change history . The Status 
Change History Range  window appears.
2Select the dates or versions for which you want to view the history:
nSelect Dates , select a start date, and, if needed, select an end date.
nSelect Versions , and, if needed, select a different start version and end 
version.
3Click OK. The Status Change History  window appears.
To download a status history report in the Status Change History  window, click 
Download . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  downloads the report as a comma-
separated values (CSV) file. The result depends on which browser you are using 
and the browser’s default download actions. The browser might automatically 
download the file and display a notification in the bar at the bottom of the browser 
window. Alternatively, the browser might prompt you to save the file or open it with a 
specific application.
Display and Export the Included Object Report for 
Decisions That Are in a Workflow
To display the versions of the objects that are included in a decision version that is 
in a workflow, click  in the Status  column on the Versions  tab for that decision 
version. The Included Objects  window appears. For assignment rule sets, filtering 
rule sets, nested decisions, and code files, this window lists each object and the 
version that is used in the decision. For treatment groups and for lookup tables that 
are referenced by other objects, the window lists the active version.
Note: This report does not list common rule sets.
To export the Included Objects report:
1Click Export  in the Included Objects  window. The Create Document  window 
appears.
2Enter a file name for the report.Using SAS Workflow with SAS Intelligent Decisioning 219