SAS Intelligent Decisioning  automatically maps the input variables in the 
decision to columns in the input table when the names and data types of the 
variables match those of the table columns.
If any input variables are not mapped to input columns or to static values, the 
application displays a warning message. At run time, SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
assigns missing values to input variables that are not mapped.
You can change the automatic variable mappings in the Variable Mappings 
window.
To change variable mappings:
aClick Variables . The Variable Mappings  window appears.
bFor each input variable, select the table column to which the variable should 
be mapped. If the input table contains more than 25 columns, click More 
columns  to display additional column names. Alternatively, for Decimal, 
Integer, and Character variables, you can select Use value  for the table 
column, and specify a literal value in the Value  column. When you are 
entering literal values, remember these rules:
nDo not enclose character strings in quotation marks.
nTo specify a missing value for character variables, select Use value  and 
leave the Value  column empty. When SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
generates code, it generates an empty string (''
). For numeric values, 
enter a period (.).
Note: For content that will be published to a SAS Micro Analytic Service 
destination, the values of date and datetime input variables must be numeric. 
They cannot be formatted values such as 18jul2019
. Also, integer variables 
are converted to decimal variables when the content is published.
cClick OK to close the Variable Mappings  window.
8(Optional) Click Advanced  to display the advanced options.
9(Optional) Click  and select the library where you want to write the output of 
the test.
10(Optional) Enter a name for the test results output table if you do not want to use 
the default name. The default name is test-name_object-name_timestamp_output
.
11(Optional) Select the version of the decision that you want to test.
12(Optional) Select the variable that you want to serve as an input debug variable. 
You can specify an input-only variable or an input-output variable. The decision 
writes the name and value of this variable to the log for each input record that is 
processed. It writes the value just before the logic of the decision is executed for 
the input record. 
For more information, see “Debugging Decision Tests” on page 287.286 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions