TIP  By default, the autocomplete feature is turned on for SAS functions 
and custom functions. You can turn off this feature or change what is 
displayed in the autocomplete list by using the SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
settings. You can specify that SAS Intelligent Decisioning also displays 
variable names. For information, see “SAS Intelligent Decisioning Settings” 
on page 8.
In the autocmplete list, SAS Intelligent Decisioning displays all function 
names and variable names that match the text that you enter. Double-click an 
item to add it to the code field. Single-click an item to display information 
about the item, such as whether it is a function or a variable. For functions, 
the information includes the returned data type and category. For variables, 
the information includes the data type and direction (input, output, or both).
The autocomplete list does not include functions that are defined in a custom 
context file.
TIP For rule set expressions, when SAS Intelligent Decisioning  generates 
code for the rule set, it adds a semicolon (;) to the end of each line that you 
enter in the expression editor, except for lines that end with an opening 
parenthesis, a closing parenthesis, a comma (,), or a semicolon (;).
Enter LOOKUP and LOOKUPVALUE Expressions
Note: You can enter the LOOKUP function only in condition expressions, and you 
can enter the LOOKUPVALUE function only in action expressions. The LOOKUP 
function determines whether a lookup key exists in the lookup table, and the 
LOOKUPVALUE function retrieves the value associated with a key. It is best 
practice to use the LOOKUP function to verify that a key exists before you try to 
retrieve the value associated with the key.
To enter a condition expression that uses the LOOKUP function, select LOOKUP  as 
the rule operator, and select the lookup table in the expression field.
To enter an action expression that uses the LOOKUPVALUE function, complete 
these steps:
1Select LOOKUPVALUE  as the operator on the THEN clause.
2In the second field of the THEN clause, select the variable to which you want to 
assign the value that is retrieved from the lookup table.
3Click , and select the lookup table from which you want to retrieve the lookup 
value.
4In the last field, select the variable whose value matches the value of the lookup 
key, or select the actual value of the lookup key. To select the value of the lookup 
key: 
aSelect Select a lookup key . SAS Intelligent Decisioning  displays the list of 
lookup entries in the specified table.Defining Expressions in Rules and Assignment Statements 35