TIP You can turn on the Create variables automatically in decisions 
setting if you want SAS Intelligent Decisioning  to automatically create 
decision variables. For more information, see “SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
Settings” on page 8 and “Mapping Variables within a Decision” on page 247.
If you change a setting, you must sign out and sign back in to SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  in order for the changes to take effect.
Scoring Rows in a Data Grid
Data grid variables are processed like any other character variable unless you do 
one of the following:
nuse data grid functions to process the individual data values within the data grid. 
For more information, see “Using Data Grid Functions” in SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning: Using Data Grids .
nuse the Score rows in this data grid  option to process each row in the data 
grid.
To process the rows within a data grid, select the Score rows in this data grid 
option on the Input Variables  property panel when you are mapping decision 
variables for the node. If you select this option, you can map the node’s input 
variables to columns in the data grid instead of to columns in the input table. SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  changes the default variable mappings to columns in the data 
grid if columns exist that have the same names as the node's input variables. You 
can customize the variable mappings as needed. When you select this option, the 
decision node processes all of the rows in the data grid before execution moves to 
the next node in the decision.
IMPORTANT When the node object is a filtering rule set, and you select 
Score rows in this data grid , rows that do not meet the criteria defined by 
the rules are removed from the data grid.
Mapping Data Grid Variables
When you add an object to a decision and the object contains a data grid variable, 
SAS Intelligent Decisioning creates a decision variable for the data grid in the same 
way that it creates decision variables for object variables of other data types. When 
you select Score rows in this data grid  for an object that uses a data grid, you can 
choose to map the columns in the object’s data grid variable either to columns in the 
decision’s data grid variable or to other decision variables. In the lists of variables in 
the Input Variables  property pane, the decision’s scalar variables are identified by 
the  icon, and the decision’s data grid columns are identified by the  icon.
For more information, see “Map Object Variables to Decision Variables” on page 
250 and “Scoring Rows in a Data Grid” on page 249.Mapping Variables within a Decision 249