in each user’s My Folder
 location, the default permissions allow individual users to 
see only the copies that they have checked out.
When this option is turned off and a user has checked out an object, the Check Out 
button for that object is disabled for all other users.
If multiple users check out the same version of the same object at the same time, 
each user’s changes are preserved in a new version when they commit their 
changes. One user’s changes do not overwrite another user’s changes.
IMPORTANT If two users attempt to commit changes to the same object 
simultaneously, the first user's attempt will succeed but the second user 
might see an error message that the commit has failed. If the second user 
subsequently commits their changes, the Modified By  column on the 
Versions  tab for both the version committed by the first user and the version 
committed by the second user displays the user ID of the second user.
Check Out and Commit a Decision Version
1On the Versions  tab, click Check Out . The Choose Objects to Check Out 
window appears. This window displays the list of object versions that are used in 
the decision.
2(Optional) Select the objects that you want to check out, and click . See 
“Checking Out and Committing Included Objects Together with A Decision” on 
page 273 for more information.
Note: If you select an object that is used only in a nested decision, ensure that 
you select the nested decision also. If you do not check out the nested decision, 
the object that is used in the nested decision is not committed when you commit 
your work.
3(Optional) Select the check box Update the decision to use the latest version 
of the selected objects  to confirm that you want to replace references to the 
selected versions of the objects with references to the latest version.
Note: If your decision uses an older version of an object or different versions of 
the same object, you must select this check box in order to check out the object. 
See “Checking Out and Committing Included Objects Together with A Decision” 
on page 273 for more information.
4Click Check Out  in the Choose Objects to Check Out  window to check out the 
decision and any additional objects that you selected.
SAS Intelligent Decisioning  updates the Properties  tab to indicate that the 
version is checked out.
5Modify the checked-out version as needed, and save it.Checking Out and Committing Decision Versions 275