TIP You can edit the description later on the Properties  tab.
4Click , and select the folder where you want to save the treatment group.
5Click Save  to save the treatment group. SAS Intelligent Decisioning  opens the 
new treatment group and displays the Treatments  tab.
TIP Objects that are saved in a folder for which the check-out and 
commit feature is enabled, such as the Decision Repository
 folder, 
must be checked out before they can be edited. 
6(Optional) If the treatment group is in a folder for which the check-out and 
commit feature is enabled, click the Versions  tab and check out the latest 
version of the treatment group. For more information, see “Check Out and 
Commit a Treatment or Treatment Group Version” on page 110.
Add Treatments
7On the Treatments  tab, click Add Treatments . The Add Treatments  window 
appears.
8Select the treatments that you want to add to the treatment group, and click OK.
TIP After you add a treatment to a treatment group, the variables in the 
eligibility rule set are added to the list of eligibility variables for the 
treatment group. You can view the eligibility variables for a treatment 
group on the Eligibility Variables  tab.
9(Optional) Select the version of each treatment that you want to use in the 
treatment group.
TIP You can change the version of a treatment at any time on the 
Treatments  tab. 
Customize Dynamic Treatment Attributes
For information about dynamic and fixed attributes, see “Define Custom Attributes” 
on page 95.
10On the Treatments  tab, click Set Attributes . The Set Attributes  window 
appears. By default, dynamic attributes are automatically selected, and their 
values are set at run-time by the decision flow.
11For each dynamic variable, verify that its setting is correct for the current 
treatment group.
nIf you want the attribute’s value to be set by the decision flow, leave the 
attribute selected.
nIf you want to enter a static value or list of values for the attribute, clear the 
check box, and then enter the value or values that you want to be used in the 
current treatment group. To delete a value from a list, click the X for that 
value. To enter new values, press Enter after each new value.92Chapter 3 / Working with Treatments and Treatment Groups