TIP You can click on the values of character variables to display the 
entire value in a separate window. For data grid variables, you can 
choose to view the variable value in three different formats:
nClick the Data Grid  tab to view the data grid value as a table.
nClick the Formatted  tab to view the data grid as a formatted JSON 
character string.
nClick the Plain  tab to view the data grid as an unformatted character 
string.
TIP On the Log page, you can click  to download the log file.
Debugging Rule Set Tests
When you create a test, you can specify a variable to use as a debugging variable 
in the Input debug variable  field. You can specify an input-only variable or an input-
output variable. The rule set writes the name and value of this variable to the log for 
each input record that is processed. It writes the value just before the logic of the 
rule set is executed for the input record. For more information, see Step 12  of 
“Create and Run a New Test” on page 63.
When you specify an input debug variable, you can use the 
sas.businessRules.messageOrder configuration option to control whether the log 
messages are written as they are produced or after the rule set executes. For more 
information, see “sas.businessrules.messageOrder” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: 
Administrator’s Guide .
When you specify an input debug variable, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  automatically 
sets the maximum number of threads that can be allocated for the test to 1. Setting 
the thread count to 1 ensures that the variable's values are written to the log in the 
correct order and are not affected by different threads completing at different times.
To capture variable values for input-only or temporary variables after the rule set 
logic has executed for a specific record, you can specify that the variable is an 
output variable, and then re-run the test. Before publishing the rule set to a 
production environment, return the input and output settings for the variable to their 
previous settings. For more information, see “Input Variables, Output Variables, and 
Temporary Variables” on page 17 and “Edit Variable Properties” on page 23.66Chapter 2 / Working with Rule Sets