Edit Variable Properties
On the Variables  tab, click the Decision Variables  subtab, and click on the name of 
the variable that you want to edit. The Edit Variable  window appears. Edit the 
properties as needed, and then click OK.
Note: When you rename a variable, references to that variable within the same 
object change to use the new name. You cannot change the name or data type of a 
variable that is used in locked versions. 
See “The Properties of a Variable” on page 222 for additional information.
Edit Metadata for Data Grid Variables
For information, see “Editing Data Grid Variable Metadata” in SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning: Using Data Grids .
Determine Which Objects Use a Particular Variable
1On either the Decision Variables  subtab or the Global Variables  subtab, select 
the check box for the variable, click , and select View used by report . The 
Select the Objects to Include in the Report  window appears.
2Select the objects within which you want to search for the selected variable. 
Select Search the current object and all objects included within it  to search 
only the objects that are included in the current decision and in the objects that 
are used in the decision. Select Search all objects in the SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning environment  to search all of the rule sets, decisions, and code 
files that are defined in your current environment.
3Click Search .
In the report, you can use the Filter  field to filter the list of objects based on the 
object names. If the variable that was selected in Step 1 above is a data grid 
variable, and if you are interested only in a specific column within the data grid, you 
can select the column in the Column name  field, and then click Apply . SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  narrows the search results to only the objects that use the 
data grid with the selected column.
Click on an object name to open the object. Click  next to an object name to 
display the date on which the object was last modified and the ID of the user who 
modified the object. For decisions and code files that have been checked out, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  also displays the IDs of the users that have checked out the 
objects. For decisions, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  includes the decision’s workflow 
status.Managing the Variables in a Decision 229