Manage Folders and Folder Content
In the Manage Folders  window, with the appropriate permissions, you can create 
new folders, delete, move, and rename existing folders or objects, and restore 
objects from the recycle bin. Objects that you delete in SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
are moved to the recycle bin. For information about permissions, see “Managing 
Permissions” in SAS Intelligent Decisioning: Administrator’s Guide .
Note: When you delete a specific version of an object, that version is permanently 
deleted. It is not moved to the recycle bin, and it cannot be recovered. When you 
delete an entire object, that object is moved to the recycle bin and can be restored.
To open the Manage Folders  window, click , and select Manage folders  in any 
category view except the Custom Functions  and Global Variables  category views.
nTo create a new folder, click , type the folder name, and press Enter.
nTo rename an item, right-click the item, select Rename , type the new name, and 
press Enter.
nTo move an item, right-click the item, select Move to folder , select the new 
folder, and press Enter.
nTo delete an item, right-click the item, and select Delete . The deleted item is 
moved to the recycle bin.
nTo restore an item from the recycle bin, right-click on the item in the recycle bin, 
and select Restore .
nTo permanently delete an item, right-click on the item in the recycle bin, and 
select Delete . The item is deleted from the recycle bin and cannot be restored.
nTo empty the recycle bin, right-click Recycle Bin  and select Empty recycle bin .
For more information about folders, see SAS Viya Platform: Folders .
For information about the global variables recycle bin, see “Manage the Global 
Variable Recycle Bin” on page 147. For information about hiding custom function 
categories, see “Hide A Custom Function Category” on page 209.
View the Properties of Any Object
In the category views, you can view the properties of any object. Select the check 
box for the object, and click  in the property pane. Click 
  to close the properties 
pane.View the Properties of Any Object 9