test uses the checked-out versions of both the rule set and the lookup table. 
If the rule set or lookup table are not checked out, the test uses the activated 
version of the lookup table.
1On the Scoring  tab, click the Scenarios  tab. 
2Click New Test . The New Scenario Test  window appears.
3Enter a name for the test if you do not want to use the default name. The name 
cannot contain forward slashes (/) or curly braces ({}).
4(Optional) Click  for the Test definition location  field, and select the folder 
where you want to save the test definition.
TIP Selecting a test definition location is optional, but it is highly 
recommended. Storing test definitions in a folder simplifies the tasks of 
setting permissions and transferring the test files.
5Click  for the Output table location  field, and select the folder where you want 
to save the test results.
6(Optional) Select Enable variable change path logging  to record variable value 
information and variable mapping information for each node in the decision. The 
application writes this information to the CAS log. Selecting this option enables 
you to generate a change path report in Step 16. For more information, see 
“Using Variable Change Path Logging” on page 294.
Note: If the decision is complicated or uses very large data grid variables, the 
change path file might be very large, and you might encounter memory issues. 
Do not select both the Enable variable change path logging  option and the 
Enable variable assignment logging  option for the same test.
TIP If you do not see the Enable variable change path logging  check 
box, drag the horizontal divider 
  down.
7(Optional) Select Enable variable assignment logging  to include information in 
the log about how a variable’s value changes as the decision executes. The 
application writes a log entry each time a variable is assigned a value. Selecting 
this option enables you to generate a variable assignment report in Step 17. For 
more information, see “Using Variable Assignment Logging” on page 296.
Note: If the decision is complicated or uses very large data grid variables, the 
change path file might be very large, and you might encounter memory issues. 
Do not select both the Enable variable change path logging  option and the 
Enable variable assignment logging  option for the same test.
8(Optional) Select the version of the decision that you want to test.
9(Optional) Enter a description for the test. Descriptions are limited to 1000 
characters.290 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions