Click on an object name to open the object. Click  next to an object name to 
display the date on which the object was last modified and the ID of the user who 
modified the object. For decisions and code files that have been checked out, SAS 
Intelligent Decisioning  also displays the IDs of the users that have checked out the 
objects. For decisions, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  includes the decision’s workflow 
status.
Click  next to nested decision names to display the list of objects within the nested 
decision that use the selected variable. Click  and  to open and close the list 
objects within the nested decision.
Click Export  to export the Used By report to a PDF file. In the PDF file, you can 
click on an object name to open the object in a new browser tab.
Defining New Rules in a Rule Set
Add a Stand-Alone Assignment Statement
Stand-alone assignment statements always execute unless a RETURN action stops 
the execution of the rule set before execution reaches the assignment statement. 
Rule-fired data is not generated for standalone assignment statements.
1On the Rule Set  tab, click Add Assignment  if the rule set is empty or, if the rule 
set contains at least one statement, select Add ð Add assignment . The 
application adds an assignment statement to the top of the rule set, below any 
existing assignment statements.
TIP If you do not have permission to update an object, SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning displays (Read-Only)
 in the title bar next to the object name, 
and the buttons for modifying and saving the object are disabled.
2Import or create any variables that are required for the assignment statement 
that have not already been added to the rule set. You can add or create the 
variables on the Variables  tab, or you can define variables dynamically as you 
author the statement. See “Managing the Variables in a Rule Set” on page 16 for 
more information. 
3Select the variable to which you want to assign a value.
4Enter the expression for the variable in the expression field. See “About Defining 
Expressions” on page 33 for additional information.
5(Optional) Move the assignment statement to a different position in the rule set. 
To move the statement, click  or .
6Click  to save the rule set. SAS Intelligent Decisioning  validates the syntax of 
the expressions. If it does not detect any problems, it saves the rule set. 24Chapter 2 / Working with Rule Sets