3Select or enter the encoding of the CSV file.
4Enter a prefix for the scenario test definitions. SAS Intelligent Decisioning 
appends a number to this prefix for each test definition. The prefix can include 
double-byte characters and special characters, including single quotation marks.
5(Optional) Click  for the Folder location  field, and select the folder where you 
want to save the test definitions.
6Click  for the Output table location  field, and select the folder where you want 
to save the test results.
7Click Import .
Compare Different Scenarios
You can display the scenario definitions or results of two or more tests side-by-side. 
On the Scenarios  tab, select two or more tests, click , and select one of the 
following options:
Compare  ð Definitions
displays the input values and the expected output values that you entered for 
both tests. To edit the input values for a scenario test definition, click  next to 
the test name under Input Table . To edit the expected output values for a test, 
click  next to the test name under Output Table .
Compare  ð Results
displays the input values and the actual output values that were generated by 
the test. To display both the expected values and the actual values in the output 
table, select Display expected values . For each variable for which you selected 
Include  in Step 9 on page 68, the application highlights the variable if the actual 
and expected values do not match. 
Click Export  to export the results comparison as a comma-separated values 
(CSV) file. The result depends on which browser you are using and the 
browser’s default download actions. The browser might automatically download 
the file and display a notification in the bar at the bottom of the browser window. 
Alternatively, the browser might prompt you to save the file or open it with a 
specific application.
Run a Rule-Fired Analysis
If a rule’s conditions evaluate to true, then the rule is said to have fired. Rule-fired 
data includes summary information about how many times each rule fired and 
detailed information for each time that a rule evaluates to true. See “How Rules Are 
Evaluated and When Rule-Fired Records Are Generated” on page 32 for more 
information.
Note: Rule-fired data is recorded only for rule sets, including rule sets in nested 
decisions and filtering rule sets that are included directly in a decision. Rule-fired 70Chapter 2 / Working with Rule Sets