named DISC. Assuming that these two attributes represent the same value, you can 
assign an alias to one or both of the attributes. An attribute can have only one alias.
Eligibility Rules
Eligibility rules define who is eligible to receive the offer defined by the treatment. 
For example, your campaign can target people who already have a specific credit 
card and who are at least 30 years old, or people who own a home but who do not 
have a home equity line of credit. You define eligibility rules in the eligibility rule set. 
An eligibility rule set is a filtering rule set. For more information, see “About Rules 
and Rule Set Types” on page 13.
Effective Dates
The effective dates for a treatment are the start and end dates when the treatment is 
active, that is, when it can be returned to a subject. Responses that are defined by a 
treatment are not returned to subjects outside of the effective dates. Effective dates 
are not required. A treatment that does not have effective dates is considered to 
always be active.
Note: The effective dates are always based on the time zone of the server where 
the decision is executed. The time zone for SAS Viya 4 servers is set to 
Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
Arbitrating Treatments
You can determine which treatments a subject is most likely to respond to by using 
one or more of the following methods:
nuse filtering rule sets to select only certain records for processing. Only the 
records whose conditions evaluate to true are processed by the remaining 
objects in the decision. For more information, see “About Rules and Rule Set 
Types” on page 13.
Note: Filtering rule sets can be included directly in a decision, but they are also 
used as the eligibility rule set in treatments.
nuse models to score treatments. For example, you might have a model that 
calculates propensity scores for individual treatments.
nuse data grid functions to sort or subset the treatments according to the values 
of their attributes. For example, you could have attributes for value, profitability, 
or risk. For more information, see “Data Grid Functions” in SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning: Using Data Grids .Arbitrating Treatments 89