3(Optional) Enter any tags that you want to associate with the published object. 
Press Enter after each tag.
4Either click Publish  or select Publish and Lock . 
nTo publish the selected version without also creating a new minor version, 
click Publish . 
nTo lock and publish the selected version and create a new minor version at 
the same time, click , and select Publish and Lock . 
The Publish Decisions  window appears.
5Select the destination to which you want to publish. The publishing destinations 
that are available to you depend on what is configured at your site. See SAS 
Viya Platform: Publishing Destinations  for more information.
6(Optional) In the ITEMS TO PUBLISH  section, complete the following steps for 
each item that you are publishing:
aEdit the Published name  if you do not want to use the default name for the 
published module. The maximum length and character restrictions differ 
depending on your destination. See Table 8.4 .Table 8.4 Requirements and Restrictions for Published Names
DestinationMaximu
m 
LengthRequirements And RestrictionsContainer 
destinations127The published name must start with a letter or an 
underscore. It cannot contain spaces, multi-byte 
characters, or special characters other than the 
underscore.
The name that you enter is assigned to the 
SAS_SCR_APP_PATH environment variable. 
The value of this variable determines the module 
name. For more information, see “Changing the 
Endpoint Name for a Container” in SAS 
Container Runtime: Programming and 
Administration Guide .Git128The published name cannot contain forward 
slashes (/), single quotation marks ('), or double 
quotation marks (").SAS Micro 
Analytic 
Service100The published name cannot contain the following 
characters: ! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) | = ~` \ / . { } " ' ;SAS Cloud 
Analytic 
Services 
(CAS)128The published name cannot contain single or 
double quotation marks.Teradata128The published name must start with a letter or an 
underscore. It cannot contain spaces, multi-byte 282 Chapter 8 / Working with Decisions