Executing Published Content
How you execute published content depends on the destination to which the content 
is published.
Executing Content Published to SAS Micro Analytic 
Service Destinations
The user who is executing the published content must be authenticated. In SAS 
Viya, authentication options vary, based on which interface and operating system 
are used in your environment. External mechanisms include direct LDAP 
authentication, host authentication, Kerberos, Security Assertion Markup Language 
(SAML), and OAuth 2.0 with OpenID Connect. For additional information, see SAS 
Viya Platform: Authentication
When a rule set is published from SAS Intelligent Decisioning  to a SAS Micro 
Analytic Service destination, an EXECUTE step is created in the published module. 
For information about the request and response data formats used in this step, see 
Execute a step  in the REST API documentation for the Micro Analytic Score API.
IMPORTANT If the SAS Micro Analytic Service configuration property service.removetrailingunderscoresfrominputs
 is set to False
, add an 
underscore to the name of each input variable. If this option is set to True
, do 
not add underscores. Your administrator can add this property to the supplementalProperties
 section in the sas.microanalyticservice.system
 configuration definition in SAS 
Environment Manager. The default value for this option is False
. For 
additional information, see “sas.microanalyticservice.system: 
supplementalProperties” in SAS Micro Analytic Service: Programming and 
Administration Guide .
Executing Content That Has Been Published to 
SAS Cloud Analytic Services Destinations
To execute content that has been published to SAS Cloud Analytic Services (CAS), 
use the CAS Model Publishing and Scoring action set. For example, the following 
code runs a model named Evaluate_Loans on the local CAS server./* Start a CAS session named _mmcas_. */cas _mmcas_;/* Create librefs for all existing caslibs so that they */
Executing Published Content 77