reference the functions that are defined in a custom context file only from decisions. 
Rule sets that are published independently (outside of a decision) cannot use 
context functions.
At run time, the custom context can hold information in internal variables about the 
record that is being processed. This information can be shared with other nodes by 
calling functions that are defined in the context file.
Custom context files that are specified in nested decisions are ignored. You must 
specify the custom context file in the parent decision. A nested decision cannot use 
a custom context file that is different from the custom context file that is used by the 
parent decision. The parent decision’s context file is used to resolve all references 
to context functions.
To create a custom context file, select Custom context  for the file type in Step 4 of 
“Create a New Code File” on page 167.
Note: In container destinations, Oracle is the only database that can be queried by 
using custom context files that contain SQL queries.
Adding an INIT Method to a Custom Context File
You can add an INIT method to your custom context files. By adding an INIT 
method, you can initialize variables before the first row of data is processed by the 
decision. The INIT method is executed the first time the custom context file is 
executed for the decision. The method is executed only once per thread. For 
example, the following code creates a custom context file with an INIT method that 
initializes a hash:package CustomContext;   dcl varchar(1024) ctxtKey;   dcl varchar(1024000) ctxtValue;   dcl package hash context;    method init();      context = _new_ hash([ctxtKey],[ctxtValue],0, '', '', '', '', 'MULTIDATA');   end;   ...endpackage;
Associating a Custom Context File with a Decision
You can specify a custom context file for decisions that are published to SAS Micro 
Analytic Service destinations and specify a different context file for decisions that 
are published to other destinations. You do not need to specify a file for both 
destination types unless the content differs between the two files.
1Open the decision, and click the Properties  tab.
2Specify a custom context file in one or both of the following fields:164 Chapter 6 / Using Custom Code Files