2(Optional) Click  in the toolbar, and select Add missing variables  to add any 
missing variables to the decision. For more information, see “Add Missing 
Variables” .
3(Optional) Reorder the objects in the decision. For more information, see “Editing 
the Objects in a Decision” on page 251.
4(Optional) For rule sets, code files, models, and nested decisions, select the 
version of the object that you want to include in the decision in the Properties 
panel for the object. For models, if you select a specific version, the decision 
always uses that version, even if newer versions of the model are deployed. If 
you select latest , the decision always uses the most recently deployed version 
of the model.
TIP You can change the version of most objects at any time by changing 
the version on the Properties  panel. See “Edit the Properties of a 
Decision Node” on page 252 for more information.  You cannot specify the 
version of a treatment group that is used in a decision. For more 
information, see “Content That Is Used by Tests and Scenarios for 
Decisions” on page 303 and “Content Executed by Published Decisions” 
on page 309.
5(Optional) If you are adding an object that uses a function that is defined in a 
custom context file, specify the custom context file on the Properties  tab. See 
“Associating a Custom Context File with a Decision” on page 164 for more 
information. 
6(Optional) On the Properties  tab, select the Subject ID  variable and the 
Subject level  variable that you want to associate with subject contact records 
that are recorded by the decision.
TIP If you do not specify the subject ID or subject level, the subject ID or 
subject level is recorded as NONE
 in the subject contact history.
For more information about subjects and subject contact histories, see the 
following topics:
n“About Treatments and Decisions” on page 84
n“Example: A Decision That Includes a Treatment Group” on page 85
n“Adding Record Contacts Nodes” on page 233
n“Predefined Lookup Tables” on page 116
7Verify that the object’s variables are mapped to the correct decision variables. 
For more information, see “Mapping Variables within a Decision” on page 247.Adding Objects to a Decision 231