Add Attribute Aliases
For information about aliases, see “Attributes and Attribute Aliases” on page 88.
12Click the Attributes  tab.
13Click  for the attribute to which you want to assign an alias. The Choose an 
Alias  window appears and displays the list of existing attribute names that you 
can associate with the selected attribute.
nTo assign an existing attribute name as an alias, select the attribute name in 
the list and click OK.
nTo enter a new alias, click New Alias , enter the new alias name, and click 
Save . When you create a new alias, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  creates a 
new output variable for the treatment group.
TIP In the Set Attributes  window, you can view the alias that is assigned to 
an attribute by clicking .
Activating a Treatment Group
What Does Activating a Treatment Group Do?
Activating a version of a treatment group makes that version available for use by 
published decisions. Published decisions can use only activated versions.
In SAS Micro Analytic Service destinations, the 
sas.decisions.masInlineTreatmentGroup configuration option on page 94 controls 
what happens when you activate a treatment group.  If this configuration option is set 
to On, the treatment group is converted into executable code in the form of a SAS 
Micro Analytic Service module. This module enables decisions that are published to 
SAS Micro Analytic Service destinations to use the most recently activated version 
of a treatment group. If this option is set to Off, a static version of the treatment 
group is included inline in the generated code for decisions.
CAS, Teradata, Hadoop, and container destinations do not support SAS Micro 
Analytic Service modules. Decisions that are published to these destinations always 
include a static version of each treatment group.
You must activate a version of any treatment group that is used in a decision. When 
you activate a version of a treatment group, that version is locked and cannot be 
edited. Each treatment group can have only one active version.
The active version of a treatment group is used in the following ways:
nwhen you run a test or scenario test prior to publishing an object.
nto generate a static copy of the treatment group when you publish a decision if 
you publish the decision to CAS, Teradata, Hadoop, or container destinations. 
Static copies are always generated for these destinations.Activating a Treatment Group 93