SAS Intelligent Decisioning  Home Page
By default, the SAS Intelligent Decisioning  Home page appears when you sign in to 
the application. To return to the home page at any time, click  in the left navigation 
bar.
The Home page displays up to 100 of the most recent objects that you have 
opened, the date on which each object was last modified, and the user ID of the 
user who modified it. You can click  and  to switch between the list view and tile 
view of the recent objects. In the tile view, you can click  to display additional 
information for a specific object. To open an object, either click on the object name, 
or click  and select Open .
You can toggle the display of category labels in the left navigation bar by clicking 
and . To create a new object, click  and select the object type. You can sort the 
list of recent objects by name or by date modified, and you can filter the list by 
name.
The Stay Connected panel on the right contains links to new topics in SAS Support 
Communities pages. It also contains links to an overview video and to 
documentation for SAS Intelligent Decisioning .
Using SAS Intelligent Decisioning  as a 
Progressive Web App
Benefits of Using a Progressive Web App
The benefits of using SAS Intelligent Decisioning  as a Progressive Web App (PWA) 
include the following:
nApplication persistence – By default, your session will never time out, so you can 
restart your work more quickly. Your administrator can control the timing with a 
configuration property in SAS Environment Manager.
nPerformance – When installed as a PWA, SAS Intelligent Decisioning  typically 
starts faster than when accessed in the browser. 
nDesktop experience – Installing SAS Intelligent Decisioning  as a PWA confers all 
the benefits of a traditional installation. You can launch SAS Intelligent 
Decisioning  from the Start menu or Taskbar, and you do not need to sort through 
countless tabs to find the correct instance of SAS Intelligent Decisioning .
nRenaming – You can rename each PWA instance to quickly access different 
environments, such as development, test, or production servers.Using SAS Intelligent Decisioning as a Progressive Web App 5