SAS® Viya® Model Execution Solution  
Model Execution Proposal Page 7 Orchestration and Risk Consolidation  
A customizable and controlled workflow process with multiple  user  approval levels enables 
orchestration of CCAR/CECL and other processes. The workflow feature also provides the option 
to segregate different process phases into different flows or sub flows and provide task -level 
status tracking capabilities for moni toring the project and identifying performance issues.  It 
ensures a repeatable process with governance and controls  expected by regulators or auditors.  
 
 
Dynamic Reporting  
The solution leverages the in -memory reporting 
capabilities and user -friendly drag -and-drop 
interface of SAS  Viya  to provide the business users 
with a powerful reporting tool to analyze and 
investigate portfolio data, ECL results , and/or any 
other data collected or calculated within the system, 
with no need of specific programming capabilities.  
 
The customizable reporting dashboards enable users 
to visually communicate stress testing data and trends to auditors, regulators, and internal 
stakeholders. It enables users to interactively explore and drill into information, from high -level 
graphs and figures down to individual data points.  
 
Tech nology  
SAS Viya is a cloud -enabled, in -memory 
analytics engine. It uses elastic, scalable, and 
fault -tolerant processing to address complex 
analytical challenges. SAS Viya provides f aster 
processing for analytics by using a 
standardized code base that supports programming in SAS, Python, R, Java, and Lua. 
It also supports cloud, on -premises, or hybrid 
environments and deploys seamlessly to any 
infrastructure or application ecosystem.   
 
The platform supports an open architecture  and enables REST API -based integration with 
external systems. In addition, the solution provides deployment flexibility to any environment, 
such as on -premises  at FCB, hosted in SAS cloud (ASP) , or deployed in a third -party cloud of your 
choice.