Benefits of SAS® Viya® Model Execution Solution  
Model Execution Proposal Page 4 ♦ Optimized and governed business processes  
– Manage user configurable, repeatable  processes  with auditability  utilizing business -
defined governance, controls  (data, model,  and business process) , and process 
automation  including downstream dependency management  
– Reduce manual handoffs and e nable connectivity  across organizations , processes,  and 
technology infrastructure  
– Meet/exceed operational performance requirements of both business line and 
technology stakeholders  
– Monitor model perf ormance  and a ddress model decay/performance issues quickly and 
efficiently  
♦ Higher Return on Investment  
– Reduce  technical debt  with optimize d infrastructure and operation s 
– Own , manage , and control end -to-end critical business and technology change , without 
reliance on third party vendors especially with continuous improvement on business 
processes, model enhancements and other business and regulatory transformation 
projects  
 
Our solution is adopted by 200+ financial institutions globally. The f ollowing are high level quotes 
from our clients:  
♦ “SAS is a proven solution to handle massive volume s of data and models with desired 
performance.  It truly integrates well with SAS and third-party programming models to deliver 
regulatory and BAU analytics. ” 
♦ “Any third-party model execution solution performs only data exchanges (hand- offs) with SAS 
models rather any meaningful integration.  Customers will still require investing in SAS ’ 
solution t o perform scenario analysis, sensitivity analysis, attribution analysis, etc. ” 
♦ “The SAS solution provides and passes regulatory scrutiny/examination with reduced or 
reasonable regulatory feedback. Also, it has helped us reduce the number of controls and se lf-
assessments through transparent implementation. ” 
♦ “To be compliant with CECL, Stress Test, and use cases of risk and finance integration, the SAS 
solution is an exclusive choice for the financial institutions which provides excellent ROI at the 
organizat ion level. ” 
♦ “The SAS solution provides a controlled environment , which allows for documentation of the 
entire calculation process and logic, which is fully exposed, modifiable, and governed at customers’  discretion based on regulatory and audit needs. ” 
♦ “The solution is flexible to have it installed on premise environments and on the cloud. ”