Milestones  
Model Execution Proposal Page 9 Milestones  
The execution plan for  FCB is divided in to four milestones. The details are provided here under.  
 
Milestone 1: P hase 0  – Initial Model Imple mentation  
and Execution  
FCB needs a governed and automated model execution platform to run credit loss models for 
CCAR and allowance, one that will satisfy regulatory scrutiny.  Further , FCB wants to scale this 
model execution platform for integrated balanc e sheet management. The strategic elements for 
FCB’s future model execution platform are:  
Strategic Element  B enefit  
Int egrated Model Execution Platform  Move past disparate applications while leveraging 
common data and models in a standard platform.  
Run Models Under Various Scenarios  Enable business users can r un models and interact with 
results at one place without having the manual hand -
offs. 
Efficient Execution of Models  Enhance processing performance of jobs and models to 
produce timely analytics.  
Regulatory Examination  Provide automation, governance, and controls to 
comply with regulatory scrutiny without having 
excessing cost on the controls.  
 The current state of infrastructure is not capable of handling the operational performance 
require d to meet the executive management expectations. The hand -offs will require excessive 
controls and may lead to costly regulatory recommendations or MRAs.   
♦ The current model execution platform built in -house can’t deliver the operational 
performance.  
♦ Various options are discussed. Recoding and implementation of the models on the third-
party solution will place limitations on the modeling methodologies and type of analysis FCB 
can produce.  
♦ Running sensitivity means , running models outside, g enerating all PD , LGD vectors and 
feed ing them for calculating Credit Loss in Moody’s impairment studio.  
♦ New Credit Loss models are under development. Similar methodology/models with minor 
tweaks will be used for CECL.  
♦ FCB is engaged for model development and material risk i dentification across the 
workstreams of Scenario Design, ALM, etc.  
♦ FCB has around 15 Credit Loss models. The current process for model execution has 
challenges around hand -offs, controls, governance, and repeatability.  
♦ No decision has been made on which mo dels will be consumed –  current in production 
models vs models under development. A  decision is yet to be made on the controlled and 
governed model execution for CCAR, adjustment process, and controls.