Executive Summary  
Model Execution Proposal Page 1 Executive Summary  
Through the merger of equals with CIT Group, Inc., First Citizens Bank -Trust (FCB) has now 
eclipsed $100 billion in total assets.  While CIT Group, Inc. has previously performed the stress 
test, extensive discussions with Treasury, Risk , and Technology  teams  at FCB over the past year  
describe  the limitations of the current solution and processes a s: 
♦ Current infrastructure  in place can not deliver the operational performance required to 
support  loan/account level models  
♦ Siloed solutions result  in time consuming , resource intensive,  and costly model 
implementation and model execution s 
♦ Fragmented  solutions  impose significant restrictions  on ability to  efficiently  produc e key 
metrics  require d by the firm’s risk committee , as mandated by the regulators  
♦ Lack of repe atable and governed processes  results in excessive manual process control  and 
self-assessment , and increases  regulatory and internal audit scruti ny 
 
FC B must improve  the current process and infrastructure  that can address the heightened audit 
a nd regulatory standards associated with financial institutions with more than $100 billion in 
assets.  Current fragmented, siloed and resource intensive processes from model implementation 
to model execution are an outlier  when compa red to similarly -sized  institution s that perform the 
CCAR exercise. Failure to establish repe atable processes of effective risk management, data 
governance , and int ernal  controls leads  to costly remediation of  regula tory issues along with 
reputation al loss. 
 
SAS® Viya ® provides the single risk and finance integrated platform FCB is looking to employ. The 
power of SAS now resides within one easy -to-use platform in the cloud to drive speed and 
convenience, provide auditab ility, deliver powerful and efficient data management, a pply 
robust/trustworthy analytics , and utilize AI with explainability.   
 
SAS®  Risk and Quantitative Solutions have developed a risk and finance infrastructure based on 
SAS Viya to provide an experience of true Integ rated Balance Sheet Management (IBSM). SAS’ 
solution provides business and regulatory capabilities with flexibility needed to comply with risk, treasury, and finance requirements and needs  in terms of transparency, automation, speed of 
execution , and consol idation through to the Balance Sheet and Income Statement for the firm . 
The solution also supports models of all forms including linear and non -linear regression.  
 
Additionally, the cloud -based architecture will a llow FCB the flexibility to scale and  accommodate 
additional  use cases, purpose -built models , and solutions, and incorporate new regulatory 
reporting needs  with minimal manual or technical effort. No other vendor solution provides  such 
a  c omplete  breadth of cov erage.