SAS® Viya® Model Execution Solution  
Model Execution Proposal Page 6 Assumptions and Scenario Design  
The solution provides  a centralized scenario repository manager that enables the custom er to 
define scenarios, load external scenario data, change  or enrich risk factor scenario data, apply 
scenarios to selected portfolios, and 
explore results to understand the 
potential impacts.  
 The risk factors in the scenarios can be 
shocked from user interface to perform 
what-if/sensitivity analysis.  In addition to 
the scenarios, the assumptions regarding the portfolio growth over the projected 
quarters can be set up in the solution.  
 
Execution Engine and Simulation Environment  
An in -memory , fully flexibl e, and completely open SAS ® Risk Engine enables  faster 
implementation and efficient model execution process es.  
 The execution engine supports models with 
differing complexities using the same 
interface. The models – ranging from simple 
loss rate curves to complex transition matrix 
models – can be set up in the solution. The 
generation of cash flows , calculation of 
losses, and amortized cost, including 
parameters as Pre -Payments and Interest 
Rate curves , can also be set up in the 
solution.  
 The solution automatically handles parallelization of portfolio calculations resulting in high system 
performance , reducing time needed for complex analysis. After the model implementation, the 
model can be executed from the interactive user interface. The exploration of results can be 
performed directly in the solution after successful execution of the models. Results can be 
efficiently v isualized and drilled down in real time, enabling experts from credit, risk, and finance 
to work together and ensure the  results are both business sensible and statistically valid . The user 
interface allows for execution of what -if, simulation , and sensitiv ity analysis to investigate and 
understand the impacts of input changes, methodology variations, investment decisions , and 
different macro -economic scenarios.